  Laughter to me is the best medicine there is, and indeed a big role in any good relationship. It's especially good for a couple who's serious and has forgotten how to laugh. Also for those who could use their mood lifted. I know that laughter made my relationship so much better.  In the begginging my relationship with my boyfriend wasn't so great. We barely laughed with eachother, let alone spoke very much. Only with friends would we laugh and have a good time. Though we weren't much of jokers anyway. All we could do was get upset or just not say anything. Even if the joke was funny.  Well that all changed one night when we decided to go to the @LOCATION1 and play a few rounds of @CAPS1. When we got there we were kind of moody, and I was very short tempered. After we sat down the mood lightened a little. Then we finally got to talking and then one little outburst sent us practically rolling on the ground. We were cracking up. Faces red and gasping for air. We laughed so hard we almost cried, and the jokes didn't stop. Our moods totally changed once that happened. We couldn't even remember why we were upset. Almost like the anger just vanished.  Soon after we realized how rediculous we were and that it's alright to joke around, just so long as it's not mean. Later on we went to a friend's house and had an awsome time. We told a few good jokes, laughed an awful lot, and really had fun. Then when it got dark we decided to go home and were still cracking jokes. I don't know what it was about that night that but for the first time in a long time we were smiling and happy. Sharing that experience allowed us to really connect with eachother. Not only that, but it strenthened our bond, and brought us closer. Our relationship has been great ever since then. We can laugh and have a good time, without being so serious all the time. I know now why laughter is very important in a relationship.  Despite our little run in with moodiness, all that joking around reminded me that laughter is by far the best medicine there is. It did some things that others never could. Some @MONTH1 not think that laughing is best, but i believe it is. Those little giggles every now and then @MONTH1 not seem like much, but believe me there is so much more than you think. Laughter is everything to me. After what it did for me and my boyfriend, i don't know how i would live without it.    
