 An argument is defined as "A discussion in which disagreement is expressed." In many cases, a proverbial "@CAPS1" is created between the two conflicting parties. Without a way to bridge this gap, the two groups, or individuals, will not come to a settlement, and continue arguing until one or the other backs down and accepts the others point of view. Laughter, can serve as this bridge. The door slammed shut and I went straight to my room. I had returned home from what had started out as a good time with one of my oldest friends. Looking back I do not remember what it was about, all I knew was that I was not going to speak to him ever again; but being as young as I was, these such thoughts rarely last. I would see him every day during the school week, but it would not matter whether he was there or not. He was absent to me as long as we fought. This seemed like a good plan, to completely ignore each other until we had calmed down, but as with any plan, things never go quite as well as you want them to, especially when you are in the same elementary school, and in the same class.  In elementary school, or at least in my case, there were many group activities, and when you are paired with the person whom you are not on the best terms with, things become difficult. Whether it was to build something, write together, or solve a math problem as a group, communication and teamwork are both important, and us fighting did not effect the group well. We would each discuss the best way to go about performing the task at hand with another member of the group with whom we were not fighting with, and then they would discuss and consult each of us separately. In short, it was a mess, and much more difficult than it should have been. Outside the classroom, the fighting persisted. At recess we would not agree to be on the same team, or even be on the same side of the field as one another. After about a week of this, I realized this needed to stop. At recess, I tried to get him to talk out our problem instead of shouting at, or ignoring each other. The calm resolution to the problem started out well, but being children, ended in a shouting match, to which I lost. I began to wonder if we would ever resolve this. When I got home that day, my mother, being a mother and always knowing when something is wrong, asked me what was bothering me. I was resistant at first to explain things, but, being a mother, she talked me into telling her. She started to go on about how I needed to be the mature one and that we needed to calmly talk out our differences, which I had already tried. I began to tune her out and imagined my friends mother giving him the exact same speech. By the time she was done, all I had received from the lecture was that I needed to try again. The next day at recess, I searched for him with the intent of resolving things today, no matter the circumstances. When I found him and attempted to talk things out, it once again turned into a shouting match. Nearby friends started to crowd and we kept at it. Suddenly, in the midst of the yelling, my friend, with whom I had been fighting with for the last few weeks began laughing. I was taken aback and thought about what could possibly have happened for angry shouting to turn into laughter. Looking around I saw nothing out of the ordinary, only a few snickering bystanders. I ran what had just occurred back through my mind. Just as I reached the point where he started laughing I had realized I had inadvertently made a joke while we were yelling at each other. This realization caused me to laugh, and everyone else nearby to laugh. After we stopped laughing, we sat down and talked things out like we should have done from the start. We questioned why we were still fighting over something as unimportant and trivial as this. After about five minutes of talking, we agreed to still be friends and that we would try to talk things out in the future before shouting at each other. When a teacher blew a whistle and recess had ended, I walked back to class feeling happy, and relieved that we had finally worked things out and could continue being friends. If I had not made that joke in the middle of our fight, I am not sure if we would have made up, even in the event we realized how pointless it was. Laughing during an argument will not solve your problems for you. However, laughter can create a bridge across the @CAPS1, and provide a common ground in which problems @MONTH1 be solved.
