 laughter is an important part of any kind of relationship like your family, friends, or your other half. Now let me tell you why it is important, there was two weeks left of school and my family had planned out to go camping for a week. Finally school was over and as we were all saying our good byes and see you next year to all our friends. My parents came to pick us up in what my dad called an "@CAPS1" that looked like an ordinary school bus. We were now off on our way to go to our camping site.  Now you would think that going camping would be for bringing the family together and having fun. But no my brothers were locked into their video games, my mom and sister were both on their phones while my dad was driving. I even asked them why they brought electronic devices and all i got for an answer was a "because". Finally i just decided to let it go and read until we got to our camp site. Finally we arrived and the first thing we did was unload the @CAPS1 and set everything up so we could get comfortable. The same night we were all by the toasty camp fire, and as usual my family was being entertained by there video games, cellphones or everything that they thought was needed out here in the wilderness. As i sat by the fire i gazed at the stars above my head and started to wonder if my family was always going to be like this and never be a close, fun or even exciting family.  The next morning after we were all awake my parents were making breakfast, and my mom had asked me if i remembered to close the @CAPS1 door before going to sleep in my tent, and i said no i forgot knowing how my mom was she got a little mad and asked my sister to go close it. As she walked up to the door she heard noises and went inside to see what it was. Before i could even blink i saw her sprinting out of the @CAPS1 and screaming off the top of her lungs. Right behind her were a group or raccoons chasing her! My dad trying to be a hero runs towards them trying to scare them off, but fails and gets bit on his butt.  Luckily my dad was @CAPS5 but while we were all distracted the raccoons had left with our food. My dad was so mad that he kicked the only log that kept the @CAPS1 from rolling away. And it starts moving right away, we all watch it go down the hill until it rode into a lake. Slowly it started to disappear once it was completely out of sight we all went to the lake staring at the large lake that devoured out @CAPS1 wondering what we were going to do with no vehicle. As we were heading back to the camp site all you could hear for miles was my family arguing. not paying attention of whats in front of them my mom fell in to a mud pit and my dad tried to get her out but slipped in too. Once they got out they looked so outraged and looked as if they were ready to call out mother nature to a fight.  Once we made it back to the camp site we sat down and i took a good look at each one of us. Our clothes were all wet and covered with mud, we were all hungry and not really in the best mood. I sat there and said dad don't get even more mad but but i thought it was pretty funny when the raccoon bit your butt, and i showed him the picture i took when it happened. My family then all looked at it and started laughing and laughing we all suddenly started talking and actually acting like a family! We decided to just walk home and hitch hike, we walked down the road for a good hour until we got a ride from a local trucker we saw down the road. Once we got home we talked more, we spent more time together we were really like the perfect family i wished i could have. That camping trip changed us all and I'm happy that it did because now me and my family are closer than ever! And that's how I can prove that laughter is an important part of any relationship.
