 Sometime life is complicated. Nothing is ever black and white. This is a short glance of my childhood. I think the best placed to start is the beginning.  When I was about @NUM1 years of age I had my first memory. My dad, @PERSON3, my brothers and I were all at a pond over in @LOCATION1. We were racing @CAPS1 boats that my dad had build. We would go there every other @DATE1 after school, from the moment I get out of school till it is so dark outside you can'@CAPS4 see you hand right in front of your face. One particular time I remember going, was the time my brother decided I need to go for a swim. My brothers and I got along but were never really close to one another. @CAPS9 loved pulling pranks on me, being that I was the youngest. So I was standing next to my dad and brother, there was a whole bunch of small ferns around us. My brother @PERSON2 jumped out of one of the bushes behind me and it made me jump. Meanwhile my brother @PERSON1 was on his hands and knees waiting for be to jump so he can make me trip over him. Well I did, there was a drop off at the edge of the pond that no one really noticed and I went tumbling down the hill. My elbow ran into stomach and my head hit a rock, then a @CAPS2! I was now soaked laying there a gooey green monster. At the moment no one was laughing but later on we did. The rest of that night no one really talked. The sun was just starting to set and I was sitting on the tail of a truck covered with blankets as my dad, brothers and @PERSON3 stood in the setting sun. I will never forget that loomenesint sight. As years pasted things gradually got worse between my brothers and myself. Things weren'@CAPS4 quit as easy. There wasn'@CAPS4 a forgive and forget. My brother @PERSON2 is five years older than me. He has @CAPS3 and serious relationship problems. One day he decided he was going to take out his problems on me. I was about @NUM2 years old. I loved my brothers and I didn'@CAPS4 know his ulterior motive at the time. My whole family except my dad was watching @CAPS4.V. in the living room. My brother @PERSON2 went back to his room and put spider man into his mini @CAPS5 player and climbed up the ladder into his bed. It was a titanium bed with a desk on the bottom, the top bunk was nearly kissing the sealing. He came out of his room and went into the kitchen and filled up his water bottle. As he filled his bottle up he asked if anyone wanted to watch spider man. Being my mother was watching the news I took him up on his offer. We both climbed up into the top bunk and watched the movie. We watched it for a little. I was cold so he offered me a blankets I got him last @CAPS6. It was fuzzy thick and warm with a huge tiger on it. Like most boys he slept in boxers and that was kinda weird seeing him walk around in them. But I never said anything. As we laid there he stuck his hand into my pants. I pushed him away and continued to watch the movie. He tried it several more times but I wouldn'@CAPS4 let him. I didn'@CAPS4 think it was right. But then he pinned my down with his leg across mine. I didn'@CAPS4 scream. He started to wiggle his finger around in my pants, it stung. I told him deliberately to stop, he didn'@CAPS4. Then he grabbed a pencil from behind him and stuck it in my vagina. Seconds later my dad walked in and said it was bed time. My brother threw himself back and I went soaring out of his room. That night was the first time my dad didn'@CAPS4 read me a bedtime story.  A few months later my brother @PERSON1 started acting weird too. He was always jittery around me and was never relaxed. One day he went out and bought a whole bunch of my favorite candy. Those @CAPS7 "@CAPS8 @ORGANIZATION1's." @CAPS9 look like a @ORGANIZATION1 that was white and crunchy on the outside and the inside is full of chocolate. He would bribe me with these, saying, "I will give you one box of @CAPS8 @ORGANIZATION1's if you let me touch you in three places of my choice." I didn'@CAPS4 know it was wrong. I just wanted the candy, so I let him. This interaction went on for about a year. He never did anything to invasive. After all this stuff happened I really didn'@CAPS4 know what to do with myself. Once I knew it was wrong I cried but that didn'@CAPS4 help. So I tried laughing and it worked. Knowing that laughter is a key part in forgetting things, helped me move on.
