 In the @DATE1 on the month of @DATE2, I experienced laughter on a grand scale. If I recall the memories correctly, the event began on the day of @CAPS1, when my family gathered for a celebration. The day began normally as any @CAPS1, when all were busy attempting to prepare for a feast, and I lobbying around, careless and oblivious to the world around me. Even so, I am able to work with my parents and complete the preparations for that day. It was a sudden burst of joy that finally did me in. A burst of laughter and joy came to me without reason or sanity, I just enjoyed. People, my family, looked upon me with confused eyes, bewildered by my actions and expressions, kept distance from me. Though I continued I still felt a sense of worry, for if I had lost my mind they too would lose faith in my social prowess. For that very day, I noticed a different side to me, a side that I wish would vanish from my being. Never again will I look into a mirror and unto myself, see the sane person I use to acknowledge. The day after the bizarre and unkind gesture I had made among my peers, I attempted to apologize for my actions. Although the first attempt seemed to startle them, seemingly due to the nature of my conversations and excuses made during the short interviews. So onward I continued in my life, again oblivious to my surroundings, yet it differed in my earlier life. I felt a kind and gentle side of myself be released, a relentless stress was lifted from my shoulders and allowed me to continue in my daily life. This is when I noticed another person burrowed into my soul, my alter-ego coming to light and possessing my body. This other being, this alter-ego, I gave the name @PERSON1, and with these new emotions that came with I accomplished great feats. Even today he sometimes comes out in times when I have accomplished feats of knowledge or endurance. He gives strength to me, by providing a promise of laughter to me and all peers surrounding me. I view him, as not another person so to say, however as another part of my being. Never before that day did this other side of me come into light so clearly and with such promise. I do believe that we all have this person, this personality within us, empowering us to drive forth and never look back.End.
