 My @CAPS1 year of high school started off less favorable than most. During the end of my eighth grade year I found that my friends were not as loyal as I believed they were at the beginning of our friendship, and in turn started high school without any. It wasn't all bad because I was able to see things for myself for one of the first times in my life. Of course I sulked but looking back on it now I am appreciative of this time that helped me get to know myself better. However one can't go through life without any friends so I quickly tried to conform to what was considered 'normal'. I had luck from the start, but I was still scorned from being deserted by all the people who I once considered friends and in turn took these recipients as little more than acquaintances. Like most acquaintances we only spoke in class and kept the conversation casual about nothing more than trivial facts. I wanted to have 'real' friends, but I wasn't sure what a real friend was. I suppose that these so called acquaintance considered me a friend though I can never be sure whether or not this is true. So I continued through my days with a person to talk to in each class but no one to sit with at lunch. This circumstance however was made more desirable because my sister still attended the high school at this point.  Her presence made my life slightly easier because I could confide in her and even eat lunch with her. People who have always had friends @MONTH1 not understand, but when you have no where to sit at lunch it can be kind of lonely. Fortunately my sister was always there for me, though she did skip a lot of school. And whenever she wasn't there I could rely on her friends to keep me company. I found that even if I couldn't find my own friends I could always share my sisters. This nomad existence continued until the second trimester of my @CAPS1 year. I had all knew classes and felt as if it was a new beginning and anything could happen, and truly anything I could imagine did.  It started out the same as the trimester before had. I went to my first couple classes and gained more acquaintances like usual and felt as if thing might not change after all. However after five minutes of sitting alone in my apparel construction class two girls walked in and sat at my table. Their conversation caught my attention and held it. I knew that it was wrong to listen to others conversations, but I figured that if they didn't want me to hear they would have spoke quietly. Though I can't recall the actual subject of the conversation now, I remember it was a hilarious topic. Even though I took no part in the discussion, I couldn't help but be overcome with laughter as the two spoke. They then began to laugh so hard which resulted in tears filling their eyes. In turn my eyes also began to fill with tears from the extreme amounts of laughter. One of the two girls looked over at me and told her friend out loud to "look at her, shes laughing so hard at you shes crying!" I could hardly stop laughing long enough to introduce myself. Before i knew it we became close friends and it was all due to the amazing powers of laughter that can bring to strangers together into best friends.
