  Every @DATE1 my family, friends, and I pack up for an exciting trip to @ORGANIZATION1. we always take our @CAPS3 runner, and boat along with us. We rent a large cabin that is right on the water side. We stay for about one week and it is always around one hundred degree's, so we normally spend the majority of the day swimming in the water. It is located over the pass about an hour from @CAPS1. Their are many fun activities to do at @ORGANIZATION1 like @CAPS2, kayaking, aqua cycling, bike riding, boating, and lots more.   This was the first year that my brother had his boating permit and I was very excited because it is way more exciting to have him take us out tubing rather then my parents who go very slow, and they don't make it that much fun. He would always put one of us on the @CAPS3 runner to @CAPS3 the flag when one of us fell off, and one of us would be on the tube. One time he took me and my friend @PERSON1 out. It was in the latter afternoon, and that's when the water gets rough, and choppy. First @PERSON1 was on the tube and I was flagging on the back of the @CAPS3 runner with my brother. He would have us going around in circles at about @NUM1 mph. She ended up flying off right away.   Once @PERSON1 got up on the @CAPS3 runner I hopped on the the tube and i told my brother I was ready. We would do thumbs up to go faster, thumbs down to slow down, and @CAPS3 your arms around like your crazy to stop. He started going and I had my thumb up for a while waiting for him to get going. He started going really fast and I was flying every which way going in circles. Every time I would hit a @CAPS3 I would get whip flash. I put my thumb down to go slower and he didn't slow down he kept going faster, and faster. Then I waved my arms around to make him stop. @PERSON1 was the one watching me, and she thought it would be funny if she told my brother that I wanted to keep going faster. Finally I did about two back flips into the water. I hit the water so fast that it felt like my skin was going to fall off, it hurt so bad.  It took about a minute for me to finally get to the top of the water when I took a huge gasp of air. I was sitting in the water waiting for my brother to drive over and pick me up. Something didn't feel right, I didn't have my bikini bottoms on any more. I started panicking and told my brother not to come over. I looked all around in the water for them but they were no were to be seen. I told my brother and he called my dad. My dad and mom were on there way to bring me a pair of shorts because their was no way I was getting out of the water with no shorts on.   I had a blast at @ORGANIZATION1 and I have a great story that I will be telling for the rest of my life. I cant wait to go back next year and i know that I will be bringing an super tight shorts to go tubing in.
