 Building the @CAPS1 with Laughter @CAPS2 a very early age my uncle would bring the funniest cards to mine and my brothers birthdays, just to see our reaction. Then when my uncle moved to the west coast, near us, we would piss each other off just see each others reaction. We have always known when each other is having a bad day and when to lift them up when they are down.  When my family and I would go back to @CAPS3 at an early age, we would always celebrate each others birthdays with our uncle. He would bring the funniest cards to give us and we would sit there and laugh about them for hours. Then when he moved to @LOCATION1 my older brother, @PERSON1, and I started to get him funny cards to see who had the best one. We got each other cards that had sexual humor to gross humor. We would come to each others birthdays with a grin, @CAPS2 one ear to the other, waiting for the person to open up the card. One year, for his birthday, I got him a card that had some older ladies on it and had some sexual humor towards it. Lets just say nobody has beaten that card. My uncle and I work in the same building but doing way different jobs. He is the sales manager and I put the items together for him to sell. When I walk into work, I always pass by him to see how he is doing. For the most part, he is either laughing or pissed off about something in his day. On days that he is upset and walks outside to make a label for @ORGANIZATION1, I start to make fun of him right away. Sometimes he gets even more angry. But when he does, he always seems to laugh after the fact, or come back at me with a rude remark. Everyday this happens and it always seems to brighten up our days.  We bought two season passes to @CAPS4.Hood this year. At first I wasn't very good at skiing, and would always fall. When I would fall, he would board down to me while laughing and I would get very upset. We would laugh on the way home talking about how I would always fall. But as time went on, I slowly got better than him and would be waiting for him at the bottom of the run. One time, when we went up, he just couldn't seem to stay on his board and would fall non-stop. This was the time when I could finally get him back for all the times when he laughed at me for not being able to stay on my skis. I never laughed so hard in my life on that ride home. Coming down and making remarks at him about not being able to stay on his board was one of the most warming things I have ever felt. It wasn't warming for me to make rude remarks. It was warming to me, to see that he couldn't say anything back, because his time finally came to be made fun of.  My uncle and I have the relationship we do today, because of his impact on me at an early age. Him being able to make me laugh at his jokes and knowing when to brighten up my day has been one of the best things that has happened to me to date. Changing my life for the best and changing my personality for the best. These laughing experiences have turned our "uncle-nephew" relationship into a friend relationship. My life is full of laughter and will be full of laughter for my life because of one person.
