 Being on a team doesn't always mean that everyone is the best of friends; most of the time the case is that you really don't get along with the people on your team. That was the case for the @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @LOCATION4) @CAPS3 that I'm a member of. Everything changed after our trip to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1 for @ORGANIZATION2. It was late, twelve members of the @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS3 were shuffling into the @LOCATION2 to check-in. Everyone was in their group of friends talking and anxiously waiting to leave @ORGANIZATION4 for our eight day trip. Each group of people didn't always get along with the people in the other groups (even though we were a team) other people got along with everyone they just had their own close friends that they stuck with. Emotions were at a wide variety that night between the tension of conflict between people, nervousness, and excitement. When our plane had finally landed in @LOCATION1 everyone was completely drained of energy, but once again everyone split up into their own groups and we moved through the @LOCATION1. @CAPS5 we walked through the @LOCATION2 to the luggage claim I began to wonder, " @CAPS4 is it that we are all together and a team, but we separate ourselves to different groups amongst our team and everyone notices, but it doesn't change?" @CAPS5 I pondered the thought we headed out to the rental vehicles and loaded everything up and started the day. After the long day of flying and touring places around downtown @LOCATION1 we finally were at the hotel checking in. @CAPS5 we checked in everyone separated vastly with their groups of friends who they rooming with to check-in to their rooms. Later that evening a few us that were really close friends went outside to hang out by the campfires they had at the hotel we were staying at. @CAPS5 we sat there talking and laughing, having a great time there was a moment when we just sitting there quietly, and I proceeded to ask them about what I been thinking about back at the @LOCATION2. The response I got back from everyone was blank stares and a change of subject. The next morning came early, we went off to breakfast then left for the day to go do some touring. The first place we went to out of three place we were to be touring that day was the @ORGANIZATION1. At the @ORGANIZATION1 our @CAPS3 faced our first team building/bonding activity. The task we were to accomplish with one another was difficult at first for everyone, but we all slowly began having a fun time laughing and working to accomplish what we needed. After we had finished the activity everyone began to slowly mingle with people outside their normal group. Later that same day we had a second team building/bonding activity. After we finished that activity there was a sense of less tension between everyone, even less than from after the morning activity. The following day we had two more team building/bonding activities. Each time we had an activity everyone began to connect more and more and each time came more laughter. We also began to spend more @CAPS5 a whole @CAPS3 and got have an even better time of fun and laughter filled adventures. By the time we were all heading to the @LOCATION2 to fly back to @LOCATION3 everyone was hanging out and there was no conflict. @CAPS5 the plane took off the realization of everything had came to me of @CAPS4 before there was so much conflict and everyone being split up into separate groups. I realized that we had always been on a "business like" relationship with one another we never gave the chance to laugh, have a good time, and connect and allow us to get to know each other. Once we took the time to allow all of those things we learned who everyone was and made friendships.
