Social @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people think of laughter as a way of showing how you feel, almost like an emotion. I look at laughter in a different way. Laughter is a form of communication. Sure you @MONTH1 laugh when something is funny, but the truth is that you can control it. So @CAPS5 do people laugh? They laugh to convey a message; basically they are letting you know that what you said or did was amusing to them. Overtime, laughter can build relationships, or even start them, all because when someone laughs at you or with you, you are sharing a common ground. I know that laughter is an important thing in my life because, without it, I would have never met my best friend. When I began sixth grade, I was scared. I was scared that I would lose all of my old friends and become one of those kids who sits alone in the cafeteria every day wishing that he had someone to eat his greasy pizza with. Of course I was overreacting, but the thought was always lingering in my mind all through the first few days. Soon I even began to notice that my friends were actually find new people to hang out with, and I was beginning to feel as though I was becoming that outcast I had feared to be. Then I met him. He was a skater kid with dark hair down past his eyes and white, almost pale, skin. I was with one of my few friends, @CAPS3, when I saw him riding around near the front of the school. I didn't really think much of him besides the fact that he had some of the coolest shoes I had ever seen. I was actually surprised when @CAPS3 walked up and started to talk to him like he had known him forever. I walked with him to avoid the image of being any more of an outcast. As soon as we are standing in front of him, he says something like an insult that I would usually brush off as nothing, but this time for some reason made me really mad. I said things back and before I knew it, we were in verbal warfare. In the end I knew one thing: I hated that kid, and he hated me.  Towards the middle of the year, our school had a dance. It was the first dance I had ever been to and I had butterfly's in my stomach. I got a ride with one of my old friends, @DATE1. I liked @DATE1 because he was never judgmental or anything like that, he was just friendly. When we were in the car driving to the middle school, he told me that he had to pick some else up, which didn't really bother me at all until we got to the house. The house wasn't very impressive it could have been a cardboard box for all I cared. When i saw the the kid's left foot step out of the house I knew exactly who's shoe it was. As he got in to the car, I pretended as if I hadn't seen him. I failed. The whole car ride was nothing but awkward. When we got to the dance I walked on the right side of @DATE1 to avoid confrontation. @DATE1 scenced the tension and stopped walking. What he said next surprised me a little. "@CAPS5 don't you guys just get along?" We both stood there, eyes locked, when skater kid made another one of his "nice comments". I thought it was going to be the beginning of the year all over again, but I did something I didn't expect to do: I laughed. He laughed too. It was almost as if for the first time ever, we were friends. The whole night we hung out and danced like crazy. We had become friends.  During the rest of the year, we became better and better friends. We went over to eachother's houses and hung out at school. That was when I realized that we were best friends. Even now, in ninth grade we are still best friends. It's crazy how one small giggle can escalate into that, but that's what happened. I don't know how laughter can do that, or @CAPS5 I even laughed that night, but one thing is certain: laughter is important. 
