  It was @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1 of @DATE1, the sun was shining and the birds were chirping. It was a great @ORGANIZATION1 to be outside doing something unique to enjoy the nice weather. There was a parade in @LOCATION1, the parade that I was in. I loved being the center of attention, I loved to be seen; and whats a better way for that to happen then being in a parade? I was with my best friend @PERSON2 and her family. There float was for @ORGANIZATION1. Which is the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 that they had owned at the time.   We had a lot of children on the float, probably about twenty. With only @PERSON2, @PERSON2's mom, and the manager of the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 to help watch the kids. The children were dressed up in animal costumes. The older kids were passing out candy while the toddlers were on the float.   @PERSON2 and I were laughing the whole time, I had almost forgotten that there were hundreds of people watching us. We were carrying the two twin baby's. I cant remember their names. We switched off a few times but for the most part I was holding the boy while she was holding the girl. They were well behaved baby's, they didn't cry often unless we had laughed to hard. Or yelled at the crowd too loudly.  We passed a bunch of people that we knew. I had seen my cousins, and a few aunts and uncles. I could only wave at them because the parade was moving oddly fast. After a while @PERSON2 and I had started to get tired from holding the baby's and walking around. So we stood at the front of the float and leaned against the wooden rail. The rail was only nailed in so it wasn't very sturdy. We figured that it would be fine though.   The parade continued we started to become even more tired and hot from the sun. We felt like we could have fallen asleep right there in front of everyone. We leaned more and more against the rail from exhaustion. We were still laughing and having a good time, but we became more and more relaxed and ended up with all of our weight pushing against the rail.   Next thing we knew the rail had broken and we fell. There was a bunch of people watching and we were still holding the baby's. At the time I was holding the girl and @PERSON2 was holding the boy. The boy had just fallen to sleep. The baby's were fine but the boy started to cry, he wasn't hurt he was just shocked. It was the most embarrassing moment that we had ever had.  The crowd started to laugh at us and our faces got beat red. Baileys mom came over to us to make sure we were all okay. She handed the baby's off to the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 manager who was there. Then @PERSON2's mom helped us up. Then we all burst into laughter. Not only was it the most embarrassing moment of our lives, but it was the funniest moment as well. Our butts were sore so we walked funny for the rest of the parade. One time @PERSON2 even stood up on the float and she went to lean against the rail again until she had realized that it wasn't there anymore.  At the end of the parade @PERSON2's family stood there waiting for us. Uncle marks kids, @PERSON1 and @PERSON3, came up and laughed at us and made fun. Papa @PERSON4 had asked if we were okay. When he asked that @PERSON2 and I looked at each other and burst into laughter again. Papa just looked puzzled and then joined in our laughter. He was glad that we had just laughed the embarrassment off. Then we went home after that.  That @ORGANIZATION1 was a good @ORGANIZATION1 for us. We went home and talked about what had happened. We both realized that if we wouldn't have laughed at our selves then we would have probably ended up crying of embarrassment. We realized that when something bad happens its best to look at the bright side, make a joke out of it, or just laugh at yourself. @PERSON2 and I have made a fool of our selves many times ever sense, and laughing at our selves had made us much closer.   Every relationship whether its intimate, family, or just friendship needs laughter; or else the tough things in life will bring you down. Laughing is what keeps you bold, and strong. If something embarrassing happens and you don't laugh about it that embarrassing moment can stick with you forever, and it will effect you in the long run. If you were to never laugh in a relationship, then it wouldn't be a relationship at all. That's why laughing is very important in everybody's lives.
