 To me laughter shows the importance of life. I have always felt that in any situation whether @CAPS3 or bad laughter can completely change the way people handle those situations. When it comes to a relationship simply laughing can help anyone. Laughing symbolizes happiness and it is more than important for the people in a relationship to be happy. I have had many horrible situations where just laughing has helped us work through it. Laughing has always changed @CAPS1 mood and helped me through situations. When you get yourself so worked up about little things you forget about the @CAPS3 things in life and begin to lose your patients with each other, this has happened to me a lot. A time this happened to me was when me and @CAPS1 boyfriend were on our way to @LOCATION1 and it seemed like everything about that trip was going wrong. We went to @LOCATION1 for a vacation away from our hectic home life's and ended up wishing we were anywhere but where we were! They had over booked our hotel, our car broke down, @CAPS1 credit card account was being help for @NUM1 hours and it seemed as if that trip was the biggest mistake we had ever made. There was so much tension between us that we couldn't even look at each other without getting into a fight. We ended up going to some cheap hotel and spending the only cash we had. The next morning things got so bad that just being in the same room made us want to lash out and kill each other. He ended up leaving for the day and we didn't talk @TIME1 when he came back, but even when he got back after not being together or a day it was still hard being around each other. The next morning we woke up and by this time we were both fed up and have had more then enough. The only thing we did was mope around and fight, this made us realize we were really stuck and this vacation could no longer be called a vacation. There was no one we knew around to loan us money, no banks only an @CAPS2 and we realized we were not at our dream vacation destination more like in a nightmare. We had pretty much given up and lost faith in actually having a "@CAPS3 vacation" and had given up on each other. We were done, wanted nothing to do with each other or this nightmare anymore. This nightmare had ruined who we thought we were and we no longer looked at each other as a happy couple anymore, but more as two people who completely despised each other. The next day I decided to call @CAPS1 bank and see what was going on with @CAPS1 account, it turned out i forgot i changed @CAPS1 pin number to access @CAPS1 account. The entire time i kept entering the wrong pin so they locked @CAPS1 account to be sure someone was trying to break into it. I could not even describe how dumb I felt. I knew that as soon as I came back with the news even though it seemed like things would be alright, they wouldn't. When i arrived back at the hotel I could feel the tension as soon as I walked into the room. I began packing @CAPS1 stuff and when he caught on to what i was doing he asked where I was going, I replied "to luxury". Instantly his face lit up and he asked "how" and after I explained to him what had happened he instantly began laughing and hugged me. I knew as soon as i saw that smile on his face and heard laughter that things between us would be alright after all. We finally had the money to rent a car, and get to our dream destination. When we arrived at the hotel things were going great, we were smiling and laughing and actually enjoying ourselves. I can honestly say that even though all those horrible situations happened that I enjoyed our trip. I strongly believe that everything happens for a reason and that reason led us to a week full of laughter and true happiness.
