 A time laughter has been in one of my relationships, was when I was down in the dumps and my cousin made me smile. It was a rainy @DATE1 @TIME1 and I just woke up, my dad had asked me to make him some of breakfast; while I was making the hash browns, eggs, and toast I thought of how little me and my dad spend together, and how unsteady and rocky our father-daughter relationship was and I thought of things we could do together. When I brought his breakfast up to him I proposed the idea of going to the movies, he said he would think about it and told me to go get started on my chores. When I was finally done I got on facebook and talked to my cousin @CAPS1; I told him how excited I was to go with my dad to the movies and how we were finally spending more time together.By the time it reached five o'clock in the afternoon, I went back upstairs to talk to my dad. I asked him what time we would be leaving, he said around eight and that is when I got the feeling we were not going to go after all. I walked out of his room and strolled down the stairs only to find myself swelling up with tears; I curled up in my @CAPS2-boy chair in the living room and waited for eight to be come. The time it came I was full of disappointment, and my father said we would go the next day but he was going to bring a friend. Because his friend was going to see his daughter (and also my friend since the age of three) at her gymnastics's meet, I didn't have a problem with seeing the meet or her. I did have a problem though with someone else coming with my dad and I to the movies. Though I wanted to spend quality time with him; it made me upset that my dad didn't want to spend quality time with me, we hardly even talked and that is hard to do when you live under the same roof.I went back down stairs and climbed back in my chair and cried, and decided that it must have been my fault,and that I did something wrong. So i got up and talked to someone I know could help me out of the dumps. He is one of the only people who I absolutely love talking to, and someone who knows me very well. It is my cousin, we have a very strong relationship that has almost nothing but laughter in it. At first he tried reassuring me but it didn't work, so he did something he knows best he made me laugh by doing or saying silly random things; he even said he would eat my poor little kitty if I didn't smile for him. That is when I started giggling and he kept going to keep me laughing, until the only tears I was crying from trying to breathe. He always has been the one who can always turn my frown upside down. And I can do the same for him, he @MONTH1 be my cousin but he's also my best friend and that makes me feel the love I need from my family that only he can give me, and I hope I will never ever forget or lose that with him.Before I became friends with @CAPS1 I never thought I could have someone I could really talk to about my home life. He understands me and what I've been through and knows me as well as I know him and I enjoy that. I could have never have asked for anything better. He's my favorite cousin and the best out of my best friends, who loves talking to me and making me laugh until I'm trying to breathe for air. I will never forget what he's done for me, but this stands out more then every other time and I thank him for that. That is how and why laughter has and is a important part in all and in every relationship to and for everyone.
