                     LaughterLaughter can change a lot in people,it can bring people together. It can also help with relationships to make the other person laugh is always a good thing. @CAPS2 your with your friends laughter can and will always be there, well i know it is with my friends and I. @CAPS2 your in a relationship or a friendship, @CAPS1 able to laugh with that other person is important because it can make you feel more connected to them,@CAPS2 you have a big group of friends that you just met you can all laugh together that's even better because then you know your getting somewhere.  My best friend and I laugh all the time, @CAPS3 can just look at me in a way I only understand and I'll know what @CAPS3 means, and then we both start laughing @CAPS2 we stand in a big group of friends and we start laughing, they all look at us funny. Then normally we tell them what were laughing about, most of the time they don't get it. My best friend and I are always together,besides school, we are always laughing no matter if its something that happened a day ago or a year ago. My best friend and i have a lot of inside jokes,we only have to bring one time of hanging out and if something funny happened we will start laughing about it again. In a relationship as in having a "boyfriend" or "girlfriend" one of the plus sides of things are to make them happy, and laugh, and love to be around you. My boyfriend does it to me, no matter if I'm not in a good mood he always tries to put a smile on my face, most of the time it works. @CAPS2 you have a boyfriend or girlfriend you always wanna try and make them happy. That means girls don't get over the stupid little things. Boys don't get mad @CAPS2 they want to hang out with there friends.  The best way to have a relationship with your boyfriend and your best friend is to make sure they don't hate one another, and if they do work it out in a way that you could hang out with your boyfriend one day and your best friend the other. My relationship works out amazing, because my best friend is dating my boyfriends best friend, so we can all hang out if we really wanted to and not fight it's nice to have all of us friends, that way we can go to the coast together and we can go out to dinner as a group. At this time we are thinking about planning a trip to the coast, and going there for a day were not totally sure though.  I think the best way to have a good relationship full of laughter is to make it your all. Just don't give your whole life to your boyfriend or girlfriend cause if you ever break up you won't have any friends, cause they won't want to hang out with you anymore because you left them for your boyfriend at the time. So i always try and tell my boyfriend that with out making it sound the wrong way. Normally the guys understand that you have a life too and it doesn't revolve around them. My friend did that once and @CAPS3 was not happy as all in the relationship,@CAPS3 told me they never laughed together or anything,@CAPS3 was afraid to break up with him though cause @CAPS3 would not have any friends,cause @CAPS3 made him her life.  Laughter can always make you feel better, it'd kinda like a healing process it will always be there, its just a matter if someone can make you laugh. Theirs people that can make you laugh and @CAPS4 and videos and family. @CAPS2 your with someone that makes you happy it is like you full of joy and enjoyment to be around them and you care for them and you feel comfortable around them. If you have struggles and get through them and they still make you laugh and happy you will know that they are the one your happy and can laugh around. Family always makes you laugh weather you don't want to or not, i love my dad he always knows how to make me laugh. 
