 @CAPS10 you laughed today? Many believe that laughing is beneficial in our everyday lives. @CAPS10 you heard the saying "laughter is the best medicine." @CAPS1 comes from the idea that having a positive mood will make you feel better. Close to the idea of @CAPS2. Laughing has been said to relieve stress and makes you seem more approachable to someone you @MONTH1 not know yet. The quote "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" is accurate in my opinion. I relate @CAPS1 to the way my friends and I act and the way I act towards strangers. When meeting someone new making a joke or laughing kind of breaks the ice, and can make the conversation more lighthearted and easy. When I was younger my best friends name was @PERSON1, and we hung out nearly everyday after school. We shared everything we had the same favorite color same hair we even had the same friends. We were girls that everyone though were sister because we hung out so much. We were the kind of friends who could take one look at each other and start laughing thinking about a past memory we had. Like the time we went into the wrong movie or the time we went out to lunch together. I remember going to lunch like @CAPS1 was just the other day though @CAPS1 was easily years ago. One day we went to our daily kindergarten class together just like always except today @PERSON1 was going to get to come home with me and my @CAPS3. My @CAPS3 knew she was going to need to take the car into the shop that day and told us we could tag along and if we were good we would go out to lunch. All day we were on our best behavior because we wanted to go to lunch and then hang out for the rest of the day. @CAPS1 was around lunch time and my @CAPS3 thought, well the car will be a while so I'll take the girls to lunch and then we will pick @CAPS1 up on the way home. So we dropped the car off and headed to @ORGANIZATION1's (a local @CAPS6 restaurant) for a @CAPS7 lunch.  When we got to the restaurant they took our drink orders and I decided @CAPS1 would be a good idea to get a big blackberry slushy type drink. When @CAPS1 came to our table I was really excited and I started to drink @CAPS1 really fast. maybe a little too fast. When all of the sudden "whoosh" @CAPS1 had spilled all over my face and clothes, @CAPS1 was everywhere, in my hair, on my face, in my eyes. I was so embarrassed. I was so surprised at how hast the the ice fell on my face that I started crying right in front of my best friend. She was trying so hard not to laugh, she had the biggest smile on her face. When I looked over my @CAPS3 was laughing too I was humiliated. I was so worried my friend and my @CAPS3 would make fun of me being so clumsy, but they both said that @CAPS1 has happened to them too.  After I got cleaned up I realized how silly I had been. I was so embarrassed at the time and at them laughing at me. But when I thought about @CAPS1 I would @CAPS10 laughed too. The whole car ride home we giggled about my little drink disaster and we could hardly look at each other without saying something about my spill, or we would both think about @CAPS1 and start cracking up again.   Even though at first I though she would make fun of me and laugh at me for making such a silly accident, we ended up laughing together and @CAPS1 made us closer as friends. Our memories from when we were little girls last in our minds and we remember they silly and creative things we used to do and the little things that would be fun to us. We were and always will be great friends. We are still best friends and every once in a while one of us will bring something up that makes us think of that day when we were little girls and we will bust out laughing again.  I do believe laughter is the best medicine. Although of course laughter will never conquer or cure diseases or fight off cancers I think @CAPS1 makes you stronger to take the treatment if you are happy and @CAPS10 a positive outlook, if you @CAPS10 something to look forward too, something you don't want to miss. Laughter can make a sick person forget about their illness, @CAPS1 can make them carefree and living in the moment. I think laughter is so much more powerful than we realize. So consider this question instead: @CAPS10 you made someone laugh today?
