 Laughter brings the world together in a way that cannot be put into words. When two people laugh together over the same thing, a special bond is made that is like no other. There is no way to describe the connection and how it can build a relationship. Every person on this @LOCATION2 will hopefully experience the bond that laughter brings. Last @DATE2, I was a member of a select lacrosse team and I didn't know any of the girls there. The team had five practices before the tournament and by the third practice, I still hadn't talked to many girls there. I was too shy to talk to these girls who all seemed to have a friend with them on the team. At the fourth practice, we were all stretching in a circle and I made a comment to one of the girls and she laughed. We began talking and throughout the rest of that practice, we talked and became friends. By making her laugh I had made a friend on the team and was even more excited for the upcoming tournament. The final practice was cut short so that the team could create tie-dye t-shirts to wear at the tournament. I sat down with @PERSON2, the girl I had become friends with at the previous practice, and her friend @PERSON1 came over to sit with us on the concrete. We all began talking and laughing with each other. Our shirts were tied with rubber bands and we were ready to put the dye onto them. We were laughing and making a mess of the multiple colors, having a good time and enjoying the warm night. As we finished our shirts and put the sopping wet clothing into plastic bags, we walked to the parking lot and said our goodbyes. I now had two friends on the team and could not wait to leave for the tournament that @DATE1. On a @DATE1 @TIME1, I woke up at @NUM1 am to meet the team at a park in @LOCATION1, OR. We were all meeting there to load our things into the three large white vans and to drive up as a team. I crawled into the van wearing my tie-dye t-shirt to see some of the girls looking tired and also sporting the tie-dyed shirts. @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 were in the back with another girl in between them so I sat in the row ahead of them. Some more girls from the team crammed into the van and we were on our way. During the @NUM2 @NUM3 hour car ride we slept, laughed and told stories. After being stuck in the car together for so long, we all bonded with each other over laughter and story telling. We each came from different cities, schools and backgrounds which made for a very entertaining car ride.  At the tournament, @PERSON1, @PERSON2 and I all stuck together. We walked around the fields, ate meals and laughed together almost the whole time. The only time we were apart was when roomates were assigned and we were not put in a room together. We all worked together as a team towards a common goal, winning games and making it to the championship. All of the girls on that team bonded in some way and even now, most of us are still in contact with each other.  Laughter is what brought @PERSON2 and me together and the rest of the team followed. The entire team bonded over laughter and we all became more comfortable with each other through laughing and having a good time. Putting @NUM4 girls together from entirely different cities could have been a major disaster, but we connected with each other by making other laugh, making it a positive experience for all involved. Laughter truly is the shortest distance between two people. Connecting with another human through laughter is an experience that everyone should have, it is so unique and powerful that friendships built on laughter can last a lifetime. Laughter makes the world a little better, a little brighter, and united together as one.
