 Each person filed in, one after the other, making a human train. The metallic red bell chimed once as each person pushed the door slightly more open. Walking in, I was enveloped by the smell of @CAPS1 food and conversations that hummed in my ears. I took a few steps forward and stopped, not knowing where to go. To the right was a wall covered in @CAPS1 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 symbols and meanings, while to the left were hundreds of tables already filled. Not knowing where to take my place, I turned to my mom. I so badly wanted to plop myself down at one of the adult tables, even if it meant I had to sit there silently. With moms knowing what's best, she shoved me towards the back of the restaurant, telling me to go sit with my cousins. I did as she told me, like always, but made my reluctance clear. Walking over to the table with the speed of a slug and my feet dragging on the floor, I awkwardly stood in front of the circular table. Yanking out one of the chairs, I turned to my mom with a pleading look as desperation filled every fiber of my body, for I knew there was no way she would give in. Staring at these six relatives, I didn't know how I could manage to sit here the rest of the evening.  We had all gathered at a @CAPS1 restaurant for my grandpa's @NUM1 birthday. Each of his children had flown from the mainland to @LOCATION1 in order to spend this special moment with him. I hadn't seen these cousins for over @NUM2 years, and some much longer. I had already visited with them since we'd been in @LOCATION1, but I hadn't talked to them much, none the less when we were all together and forced to mingle.  With my napkin on my lap, I sat and looked at my cousins, each one staring back at me like I was an animal at the zoo. After a moment or two, they seemed to forget I was there because they averted their gaze and began talking amongst themselves. The only person at the table who I didn't feel like a complete stranger towards was my cousin, @PERSON2. She had wavy brown hair with blindingly blond highlights, sun-kissed from those bright tropical days, along with that brown @CAPS6 skin that made me jealous. We began talking, and soon I found myself enjoying the moment.  It wasn't until the food came that we actually began interacting as a group. Being teenagers with bland palates, everyone stared as the waiter brought the first dish. After asking the friendly waitress what it was we were about to eat, from her broken @CAPS7 we deciphered that they were buns with duck inside. Frantically trying to get all of the tables served in fairly constant intervals, she left our table and all of us looked at our food blankly. No one wanted to take the first bite. One of my cousins, @PERSON1, stepped up to take the masculine role as the dare devil. We all waited tentatively as he chomped down on the moist bun and swallowed. Once done chewing, he smiled and it seemed this dish had won his approval. Digging into my buns, I began to wonder if maybe these people were easy to relate to and I had made a small thing into a big ordea. From then on, I would just be myself and stop worrying about not having seen anybody for years; All I needed was to be myself.  The way the courses were set up left plenty of time to chat between each plate they brought. Since I was no longer worrying about what to say or how to say it, I easily fit into the conversations and began to relax. Shortly after the duck tray was removed from the table, it was discovered that my cousin @PERSON1, who is from @LOCATION2, pronounces certain words with an accent. Soon everybody began comparing the way we pronounce things to the way that he does. After each difference we found, we would chuckle. Things carried on like that for the rest of the @TIME1, everyone laughing at things that were only moderately funny, but we found hilarious.  It was that @TIME1 when I realized, even though you @MONTH1 be uncomfortable around a group of people who you don't know very well, finding a common ground helps you to ease that discomfort. Finding something that you all enjoy talking about @MONTH1 be hard to do, but finding something that makes you laugh is a lot easier. Laughter is something that everyone enjoys and can take part in even if they're not contributing to the conversation. By feeling as though you're a part of what's going on, you feel accepted, and that's all anyone ever wants.
