     Laughter @CAPS1 is one the most important things in life. People shouldn't go a day without @CAPS1. It's healthy and good in any relationship. It can also help with healing. The best kind of laughter is when you're out of breath and crying. It makes people so happy and wanting more. Don't take life too seriously, just laugh and smile all the time.  Someone dying is a dreadful thing. When two high school boys die, it's even worse. On a @DATE1 @TIME1, a group of high school students were walking on the rocks by the ocean, when a sneaker wave snatched two of them. The other kids tried so hard to save them by making a rope of clothing to reach them, but it didn't work. Two beautiful lives were taken away that day, and will not be forgotten. The boys were well liked and had great lives. The families of the students, the school, friends and the community were in shock, and couldn't believe the terrible news. How could this happen to such amazing people.  Hundreds of students gathered at church the following @DATE2, most in tears. They talked about the two boys, and had a huge group prayer. Friends spoke well of them, missing them greatly, talking about the good, fun, memorable times. @CAPS1 can make it better. As someone once said, smile because they lived, don't cry because they're gone. At the school's basketball game, they honored the boys, and won the game for them. Parents and friends spoke about the beautiful kids in front of almost @NUM1 people, that came to support the school. The game was a time for having a good time and not to sob and mope. This game helped heal the community just a little more. @CAPS1 and cheering really can help the heart.  As days, weeks, and months go on, people will still be heartbroken. Although, as long as we laugh and smile about the good times of those who left, we can make it though anything. @CAPS1 makes you feel better. It just shows you that you have to make the best with what you have, and always have a fun time with no regrets. Always tell the people that mean something to you, that you love them. Never stop telling people you love them, and never leave in a fight. You don't know when it might be the last time you see them. @CAPS1 is so important, and without it life would not be as great as it is.
