 Laughter is used as a "cure" for everything. Through out life, people underestimate the power of laughter. Laughter and joy have always been my personal way of getting to know other people better. I personally use laughter to create a bond that another person and I can relate at a level to be able to share our thoughts and our feelings through laughter. Laughter is very important through life. Laughter can help someone find people that have similar and common interests as one's self, laughter can create good relationships between compatible people, and to help create stories that are explained later in life. Throughout life, there will always be that one person or that group of people that can enjoy similar things. I have been involved in a lot of social groups. In most of these groups laughter is a common thing between all of these groups. Without this similar interest, Laughter would not exist through life. Laughter helps through every day life. People find these common interests between people and start to create relationships between people that did not exist before. These relationships might be shown through co-workers, through authoritative figures, and friends and family throughout every day life. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." The relationships between people are built from laughter and enjoyment of being with other people. These relationships are formed at a social level with friendly people. Without these relationships, people would never have good times throughout their life. These relationships are created to help introduce the the stories about life. In my life I have had bad times and good times. The bad times that have occurred through my life are when family member have died. My great grandparents on both of my sides of my family have died. Another horrible thing that has happened in my life is that is that one of my friends died at an early age. What happened is that he was riding an all terrain vehicle. But the good things through my life have been breath taking. The one thing that has been breath taking from my life is most of my conversations with my friends. Laughter is the key point in conversation. When I first started my relationship with @PERSON1 all I could think about was being able to enjoy the times that I have with her. On the first day that we started spending time with each other we could not stop laughing. Everything that either I said or something she did was hilarious to me. The most common thing that we had in common was laughter. At every basketball game we would try and spend as much time as we can together. We try to get to know each other a little bit better by finding common interests through laughing because, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Laughter can help someone find people that have common interests as one's self, laughter can create good relationships between compatible people, and to help create stories that are explained later in life. Laughter is used in a personal level to become closer to that person. Laughter can be used through every day life. Laughter is an element to a relationship that should always exist.
