 In life @CAPS13 share many of your moments laughing and enjoying the sweet and gentle sound of the chorus that @CAPS13 and the people in your life share. Laughter can bring @CAPS13 instantly to enjoyment no matter how unbearable the struggles in your life @MONTH1 be.  I've had many moments in my life that became enjoyable because of laughing and smiling. But one moment sticks out above the others. This moment is the @CAPS1 before my grandpa passed away. This @CAPS1 was the best of all. It was a white @CAPS1, and for once the snow wasn't the only thing that was gleaming. On this day, everyone in my family was smiling, we were all thankful that my grandpa survived his sudden heart-attack that happened the week before and we all knew that his time was near. We had to make his last @CAPS1 a great one to end on.  My grandpa was the sweetest old man, he could always make @CAPS13 smile no matter how sad @CAPS13 were. He was a man, who enjoyed the laughter of his grandchildren and he made sure that he made an impact in our lives. This @CAPS1 though was one where our laughter made the largest impact.  On @DATE1, everyone on my dad's side of the family drove over the hills to their destination; my house. The house was covered in @CAPS1 decor and was gleaming with the happiness that each one of us held inside of us. My grandpa was the first to walk in. I leaped into his arms and said "I love @CAPS13 grandpa with all my heart! Merry @CAPS1!" @CAPS8 this he smiled and began to tickle me like he always did ever since I was little. He grabbed my hands and began twirling me around, humming his favorite song. As we were twirling to the tune of his favorite song, my laughter broke out. When this happened, I looked straight into my grandpa's eyes and saw the love that he had. He always said that "The laughter of a young child can always bring joy to anyone, even the cruelest of people." @CAPS9 we were still twirling, all my other family members walked into the house. They smiled and laughed at us, but we didn't care. This was going to be a great @CAPS1, nothing could ruin it for us. When everyone got into the house we all sat down in the living room sharing stories of all the old and good times that we shared. We all knew that this was what my grandpa needed, and in his eyes we could all see that he was happy that he had a family, that could put away all of the hardships we were going through and allow ourselves to sit as a family and enjoy each other. Everyone was laughing now, remembering the stories that made our family what is was. My aunt @PERSON2 was the one that knew all of them by heart, she could even act them out. My grandpa sat there and laughed. He was filled with enjoyment as he watched his only daughter do what she did best.  When dinner was almost ready, my grandpa and I sat down at the dinner table all by ourselves. We began playing the game that we always played. I got underneath the table and hopped up in random seats acting like a cat. My grandpa would always say " @CAPS11 down @PERSON1, that food isn't for @CAPS13." then I would go and sit next to him and meow at his side, and we would just laugh. No one else understood the bond that my grandpa and I had. But that didn't matter, every holiday we were the ones that were always laughing; we enjoyed life and we never let anything @CAPS11 to us. He was the only one in my family that understood enjoyment and he helped me live my life that way.  Dinner was served and we all took our normal seats. My mother's food looked amazing like usual. My grandpa and I sat right across from each other like we always would and made the most unusual faces at each other. Our laughter filled the room and made that @CAPS1 even better. As we were all finishing our dinner, my grandpa got up and walked to the door looking outside at the beautiful landscape covered in a white blanket. I walked to his side and looked up at him. He smiled down at me and said "@CAPS13 never realize the beautiful things in life, until your life is fading. The most beautiful thing to me is your laugh. It always brings joy to my heart. If I could only hear one more sound, it would be your laugh @PERSON1, and if I could only see one more thing it would be your smile. I'm happy to be your grandpa and I'm glad that I got to live and see @CAPS13 grow up to be such a beautiful and sweet girl. Always remember, enjoy ever moment. Especially the moments with the ones that @CAPS13 love."
