                 Laughter at its @CAPS1  Laughter is one ability that everyone in the world has. Not only does it help you make more friends, but it can also turn your day all the way around. The capability to laugh is a huge importance in this world. Without laughter, days would be dull, sad, and somewhat depressing. When I see someone laugh, it brightens my day, makes me smile, and causes me to laugh along with them. By laughing we become happier, learn more about others, and make our bad days better. I have experienced, first hand, the joys laughing can bring after I have had a bad moment, and that is why I believe that laughter is extremely important to have and to keep in your life.  Not everyone can have a great day all the time. Bad days occur, and when they do, seeing one funny incident and laughing about it is what can turn the whole day around and make it great. Many people hear the statement, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people," or a statement similar to that one and will never agree with it. Often times we will scoff and disagree completely. It turns out that I used to be one of those people myself. Most days were not the @CAPS1 they could be, plus having to go to school all day long ruined it a little more. People kept telling me that if I laughed once in a while then I might feel better more often, and I @MONTH1 actually have fun when I participated throughout the day. I never believed them, and why should I? How could one action as simple as laughing change the way I feel about everyday life? The possibilities were just to unlikely. I didn't think I'd change my views on it either, until a few years ago.  It started off like any usual day would, not so great. My hair was a mess, my sister @PERSON1 and I could not stop fighting, and my brand new phone broke right as we started our shopping trip to @LOCATION1. I had decided that the day was going to be horrible because so far, nothing had worked out well. As the day went on, nothing worse happened, but nothing better did either. @PERSON1 and I kept traveling around, going to stores, and shopping. Finally, at our last stop we saw a situation occur. As we were sitting at a stop light, waiting for traffic to move, I spotted a strange man sitting across the road all by himself. The man looked as though he had an injury on his foot, and our suspicions were confirmed when he began walking like a hurt penguin would, barely shuffling his feet and bobbing up and down as he moved forward. The sight of this man made me smile, and when I pointed him out to @PERSON1 she started laughing uncontrollably. Then I too, began cracking up. The man with his crazy way of walking had made me laugh had proceeded to turn my entire day around. What I thought was impossible turned out to be the exact opposite, possible. Laughing could bring you closer to others and make your day more amazing.  As a result of my trip with my sister that day, my views and beliefs about laughing were changed greatly. Laughter actually was the shortest distance between two people. Even though my little sister and I were arguing before the funny man came, after we were done laughing about him we realized that in the span of a few minutes we had become closer than ever before. It is crazy to think that one incident can change your mind about some of your strong beliefs, but it happened, and that day is now a memory that I am going to keep with me forever. I'm happy it happened because as a result of it I have begun to think differently about laughter and the effect it can have on certain situations in my life. I now think of laughter as one of the greatest pastimes to have and do it quite often.
