 When we were little it was watching @CAPS1. In junior high, it was seeing a kid squirt milk out through his nose. But now as we approach our high school years, we stifle giggles, suppress outbursts, and laugh until we cry, for our own reasons; and we can't hold back the inevitable urge to laugh. Some say laughing is the best medicine, unfortunately for my sister an I, this was not the case; laughing just got us in more trouble. No matter how many times we were lectured, someone always found their way back into the other one's room purely because we were nosy. I remember back a few summers ago, I'd seen @PERSON1, my sister, putting a bag of chocolate under her mattress. There was a possibility it was gone, but I had no doubt in my mind that it was still there. But as the mattress was lifted up and as I was beginning to reach for it, the bed was shoved back down, very nearly smashing my fingers. there stood @PERSON1 with a vindictive look in her eyes and two hands placed on her hips. What could I say? What could I do? A shill scream escaped my lips and I bolted for door before she could unleash her wrath upon me. Up the stairs, around the couch, through the kitchen I ran; but not fast enough. Before I could lock myself in the bathroom, she caught my ponytail and yanked, hard. I was in for a nine year old, hair pulling, all-@CAPS2 beating. But lucky me, no more harm could be done because my @CAPS4 had heard my scream and had come to investigate. Fighting was taboo in our house, but that never stopped us. @CAPS4's punishments were minuscule, we could hug and make up, or stand in the corner. The anger in @LOCATION1's eyes was already gone, and a certain, significant smile played across her lips. @CAPS4 was still trying to play the strict parent, but to us, the passed four minutes were just a joke now.  "@CAPS3,"she had said, one word, one meaning, that's all it took. We exploded in a roar of giggles and laughter. Although there was no way @CAPS4 could have known this, we meant no disrespect, but be couldn't keep silent. Boisterous laughs rang through the hallway, so loud, @CAPS4's words were inaudible. Grabbing our hands and pulling us towards the living room we were half dragged because we were shaking to hard. Ten feet apart we stood, eyes focused on the ninety degree angle in front of our noses. But one look at each other and sent another tremor of giggles through our little bodies. We could have been inebriated if you didn't now any better, but really we were just two rambunctious kids playing around. We all have our reasons to laugh. Maybe your reason is as simple as reading an e-mail that made laugh so hard you cried. Maybe it is because my amateur writing style is a joke to you, or maybe you too have just witnessed a child's nose spew chocolate milk. We all have things in our life that make us want to roll on the floor, or slap our knees; but from my experience it's excruciatingly hard to hold back, so let it out.
