Laughter is the shortest distance between two peopleFor the longest time I never thought that I could be happy. I felt as if every time I tried, someone was always there to say "@CAPS1 no, she's about to be happy. Better take everything away from her." That's @CAPS2 always happened; I was the one being dumped, cheated on, or losing a best friend. I would lie awake at night sometimes and wish that maybe someday someone out there would listen and care and understand. I didn't think that wish would come true, but somehow it did. @PERSON2 was the type of guy you could tell anything to. He would listen and care as if it was his problem also. That's @CAPS2 attracted me most to him. His sense of knowing when things weren't right and attempting to make them better. The thing I loved most about him was how he could make me happy when I felt so down. He didn't live close to me, he never came over and we barely knew each other but he made me smile better then anyone I've know for years. I guess I never believed laughter is the shortest distance between two people. It didn't take long for that to be proven wrong.Freshman year and I was lost. I just wanted to be popular, make friends and get a good boyfriend. My main focus that drove me through each class period was boys. It wasn't the best thing I could have focused on but hey, they got me through. I still remember sitting in my math class when a tall boy with brown-blond hair sat in the front row. @PERSON2 was his name, and I suddenly became attached. I did @CAPS2 most girls do when they see a cute guy. Made a fool of myself. I was so sure that I was never going to get a chance with him until I got his number. The story goes on from there, we dated and dumped. For a while we didn't talk. But that's @CAPS2 made us bond even more. We later became best friends, and that is how I became happy.My boyfriend, was not a good boyfriend at all. It took me a while to realize this because I was entranced on his ability to make me feel important. I assumed I wasn't important when I called @PERSON2, crying the night he cheated on me. Usually when you ask a boy to help you with your problems, they don't know @CAPS2 to say. But when I talked to @PERSON2 he seemed as if he was going through the same thing. His perspective on the dilemma helped me get through it. I talked to him for the longest time that night, explaining how I felt. To my surprise, he actually cared and listened. After hours upon hours of talking, @PERSON2 and I finally realized that we have to be related in someway. Him and I have so much in common. We have both been through the same scenarios and we both help each other get past it. One time after a dance @PERSON2 called me saying, "I cried, when @PERSON1 left tonight." I helped him. Then later that month, he thought she was cheating on him. I helped him. I remember calling him one night and he woke up just to hear me tell him I quit the dance team. People tell me not to get too attached to him, but I cant help it. We don't even have to be in the same room and he makes me smile. All the things we have been through make me laugh. He makes me laugh. He isn't the class clown or the comedian, but its just something in the way he can be himself and not get embarrassed that's @CAPS2 makes him so fun to be around. We @MONTH1 fight and not get along sometimes but I know he will always be there when I need him.Sometimes I sit and think back to the beginning of the year. When I was timid, quiet and unhappy. I think of how @PERSON2 is the most caring guy but you wouldn't notice it unless you got to know him. I think, "@CAPS2 if I never met @PERSON2" and I wonder if I would be the same person I am today. I now recognize that I have changed so much over these few months. Maybe its from @PERSON2, or maybe its just myself. But I'm pretty sure laughter has something to do with it. It brought me and @PERSON2 together in the beginning and it keeps us together even now. From being total strangers and now best friends. Maybe it is true; laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
