I live in a life full of laughter, I can not think of a day that I have not laughed. Even when I went threw the hardest days of my life a little @DATE1, there was still someone to make me or a reason to laugh. I think laughing is the best medicine for a person. If you are someone that can go a day without laughing, I'd love to meet you and make that change! There are a few particular times I can remember that we're just full of laughter, most involving family and friends. The first one that I can remember was when my parents showed me a picture of when I was a little girl, there are many laughing episodes when it come to me as a little kid. The picture they showed me was when it was @DATE2 time and I had no shirt, just shorts on. I was sitting on a sled, facing uphill, with the sun just shining. I can not explain how hard my family and I laughed together just from looking at one picture. Another laughing moment I can remember was not when it happened but when I look back now all I can think to myself is, wow. I was about six @DATE1 old at my best friends house who owned eight lamas, who got to get tied up in the yard everyday. The one I always got to walk was named, @CAPS1. @CAPS1 was sweet, @CAPS2 I though, until one @DATE2 day she decided to drag me across a highway. While I was getting drug across a highway that was usually busy, all I could here was people yelling "let go of her lead!" @CAPS2 me being six I thought if I let go that the lama would get hit by a car or never come back. I regretted not letting go once an adult got to me because I was all scraped up and blistered from being drug across the pavement. That is a time in my life I will always look back and laugh, but never forget. The last one, my favorite times in life. This would be pretty much anytime I am with my boyfriend. Favorite time was our trip to the beach for the first time. We had never been there together but, it was amazing! We attempted to ride bikes on the sand, failed, and just laughed about it. Then we decided to just walk around all the beach stores and see if we could find something we might have wanted to buy. Later that day we just went to the beach, walked and felt amazing. The funny part of this trip was when we we're trying to take pictures of each other jumping in the air with the ocean behind us. People were looking at us like we were crazy but, we didn't care because we were having fun and laughing almost the whole time! I think that laughing is a very important part of everyday life, to everyone. If you don't laugh at least once in day then something is wrong. I love looking back at pictures from when I was little, having memories with best friends and their animals, as @CAPS2 as taking trips and just being with my boyfriend. Laughing has helped me a lot in life because it brings me up when I am feeling down.
