 People always say that the worst parts of life are the sad parts, the moments where no one is there to make you laugh or smile. These sad moments trump the problems caused by work, or by the society, and show how important laughter is in our lives. A time when someone is feeling joy so strong that it pours out of them in the way of a suppressed giggle or booming laugh, are the times that make life worth living, worth the jobs and the bad breakups and the over priced society. It has been said by those infamous "they" that your worst most tragic moments are the ones remembered forever because they hold the most emotion, but i have to disagree with "them". Moments in the life whether they be seconds, hours, weeks or years, can be cherished also if they are built up by the bonds of love and laughter. Just recently was my birthday. This year it fell on a @DATE1 and I had made no plans to celebrate in any way. Sure my parents had gotten me loads of presents but the joy and jittery excitement that i had always felt previous to my birthday wasn't in me. These feelings were most likely because this year i had decided that now that i was in high school, birthday parties were a no go. With no plans or exciting activities to await, my birthday was not eagerly looked forward to as it had been every year previous. What would i do?! I definitely didn't want to spend the day home in my pajamas with my parents and two sisters, that's what i did almost every other normal @DATE1. These thoughts and realizations brought that sad lonely feeling in me, those feelings that make up the worst parts of life. My mom, noticing my birthday gloom, suggested a trip to the beach and a one night stay in a yurt. I love the beach, I would even go as far as to say that its my favorite place in the world. I also love yurts. Yurts are big round cabins made from canvas draped around a wood structure, with a skylight directly at the top of the pointed roof where you could see the stars at night. Staying in a yurt at the beach sounded better to me then being at home, so naturally I agreed to the beach trip. Way deep down I was excited, I was thrilled, a beach trip with my family! In my head I was stuck still in my foggy state of gloom as thoughts swirled in my head about how I would not have a good time if there were no friends to laugh and hang out with, and how much of a loser I was for not doing anything with friends but instead my family. Our household consists of my mom, dad, and two sisters ages four and @NUM1 months. We are not the most well functioning family. I find my older sister to be an annoying brat sent by the devil to ruin my life and make everything my fault. Two out of the three of us girls have to always be in some kind of brawl, and that drives my mother crazy which gets her all flustered and my dad angry until we realize that buzz light year has ruffled all of our feathers. This scene is exactly what I imagined my family birthday beach trip to turn out like, but caused by a long car drive and hungry kids rather than buzz light year.  The day approached and we woke early to pack our bags and pack the car. My mom, bless her, made a family announcement to us that today was my day and anything I wanted was what I got. This meant that I got to choose what we would eat, what we would do and could make any comment including telling my little sisters to bug off if i wanted to. By lunch, we had visited the beach, gotten settled in our yurt, and enjoyed a lunch made up of various snacks we had brought along and I found that I was enjoying myself. No one had fought all day, raised a voice, make a snarky comment or do anything to upset the happy atmosphere we were in. I was laughing. As we visited the aquarium with all its odd fish i laughed. I laughed at my sisters when they were doing silly things. I laughed at the things my mother told me. We all laughed at a bicyclist running into a pole, and fish doing vacuum like motions with their lips. All the laughing, all the smiles did a lot for me. It pushed those negative thoughts straight out of my mind and told them never to come back. Laughing helped me to see all of the love that circled around in my family, it made the love visible. Its healthy to laugh. Without laughter in our lives, some things like love, that can sometimes be invisible, become visible again through laughter. 
