 I believe that with all people laughter, and having a sense of humor, is something that generally everyone has in common, everyone loves to share with others. Among young teenage girls, laughter is a commodity that is infectious but always wonderful. It's the purest kind of joy we have, it's somethings that brings humans together. It's the beginning and end of friendship and unity. Laughter can ring out and lift the spirits of those that really need it. A simple laugh can make the worst day a little alright. We all know that feeling of dread, and sadness . The kindness, generosity, and good of laughter is one of the few things that are right nowadays. Even in poverty, depression, and oppression the simple joy of laughter can wash away a person's worries for a split second and fill us with utter warmth.  @PERSON1 and I have been the best of friends since we were ten-years-old, and laughter has always been our strongest element. @PERSON1 and I have a knack for making each other burst out in laughter when all we want to do is be angry or just cry. We've decided that apart, we're just a little funny, but with our powers combined we could make anyone laugh. We use that power on each other when we're having bad days, or we simply need some cheering up. I think if it wasn't for laughter we wouldn't even be friends anymore. It really is what brings us together as best friends. We'd be different people. Even if I drifted from her we'd always be cracking jokes, making each others guts hurt, and tearing up from laughing so hard.  My first impression of @PERSON1 was of her stomping down to our neighborhood park to yell at her sister, whom I had been playing with at the time. It would be a very self-explanatory reason of why I didn't like her at first. Luckily, after going to @PERSON1's house with her sister, @PERSON1 and I found that we had many things in common, and we were only four months apart. That childish kind of cajoling held our friendship together, for it was a bit rocky at the beginning. Always fighting, and arguing about things that now, we look back on and laugh at our adolescent stupidity. Either one of us would be popping off with dumb little comments at each other when neither of us wanted to apologize. One time she proceeded to tell me that I couldn't hear her because I had a big bug in my ear. Now we can remind each other of things like that and have a good ole time laughing about it. We were mere @NUM1-year-old's then. Now, almost @NUM2, we rarely fight, but we always laugh and make the best of what we've got with our poking fun. Laughter was definitely the band-aid in the beginning of our rickety friendship. @PERSON1 has a gift to make anything funny at any time. She says the wrong (but hilarious) things, but always at the right time. Laughter is now a necessity between us, it's what keeps our friendship so strong. I think of what the human race would be like if laughter was not a factor in everyday life. Everyone knows that it wasn't a good day if you haven't laughed or let alone smiled. People would be dull, and just unhappy. Laughter heals people from sickness, it gives us the feeling that maybe everything is going to be okay after all. I truly believe that it's healthy for you. With a flip of a switch, laughing can bring within us an ecstatic, and serendipitous feeling. People take it for granted and use it for wrong when it's meant to spread the word of happiness. We're lucky to have a gift of such natural joy. Can anyone even explain, in detail, the feeling laughter truly brings us? I think not. It's like describing the scent of something. You just can't do it. The words aren't there. I think of those poor and miserable people that have forgotten what it feels like to laugh, and it's very sad. I strive to laugh every single day, and make at least one other person laugh. What is a life without a diamond in the rough like laughter? It's no life at all, for laughter will always be your shelter on the pursuit of happiness.
