                   The @CAPS1 of The @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I was @NUM1 years old, and I lived on a farm out side of @LOCATION1 OR. I spent most my time playing with my brothers, @PERSON1, @CAPS4, and @CAPS5. We did everything together, from caching frogs to eating bugs. We had just moved to a new house, and my dad had a lot of stuff to do to make it a safe and fun environment. His first thing he had to do, was to build a pull @CAPS3, which is a building on top of a garage. He started by poring cement on to the freshly bulldozed land. He made square holes in the cement to put the poles in, so it would hold the @CAPS3 up. Then he started to make the main building on top of the garage he made. I was so exited to see my dad building this @CAPS3 with his bare hands. Once he made the whole inside safe i was let in. I walked in and was amazed by how beautiful it was, and how perfectly built it was. But there was still stuff to do. My dad and my oldest brother @PERSON2 were putting the shingles on, so the rain and other crap could not get in. The next day I woke up to them hooting and hollering, like a bunch of chickens when they lay their first egg. They just finished the pull @CAPS3. I sprung to my feet like a cat that just got shot by an air-soft gun, and ran down stairs to meet them. When they came in, it looked like they fell in a pond. They were soaked in sweat. Right away my brothers and I ran as fast as we could to the brand new @CAPS2 @CAPS3. When we entered the @CAPS3, we felt a weird sensation, like if something just got cold and wet on our feet. Then we know what we had just done, we had just ran on the freshly painted floor. We all looked at each other and started trying to find away back with making the least mess. We walked backwards in our previous foot prints. When we finally reached the stairs, we had to find a way to cover our mess we had just made, or else we would be in a lot of trouble. So we all came up with a plan, it was to paint over our foot prints with the left over paint. So right away we started to paint over our mess we had made, with the left over paint we found from the project. Soon we were all done, and it was a great relief that we would not get cot.  Later that day my dad and older brother went to the @CAPS3 to see if the paint had dried. to their surprise they sow a bunch of little foot prints on the stairs leading to the freshly painted floor. As they went up the stairs they kept seen more and more foot prints. Ones they reached the top they looked at the wet floor and they only sow wet paint, no foot prints. As all this is happening my brothers and i were watching from our window, we could see everything. Soon we sow them coming back so we went down to meet them. As they walked in i could see a puzzled look on there face, it was a look of confusion. They entered the door and looked right at me, it was like if i just stole a hundred dollars and just got cot. My dad politely said "can i see your feet?" "@CAPS6" i replied with a scared face. I showed him my feet and then he said "did you perhaps go in the @CAPS2 @CAPS3, then try to fix your mess by painting over it?" I looked at him with a dumb face and said "@CAPS6". He just had a great big smile and said, "go wash your feet". Later that day the floor dried and we all went up there and ate dinner.
