 Laughter is a major component in a relationship. Laughter once saved my best freinds relationship with his girlfreind. They had just goten ito the bigest fight I have ever seen. The fight started over something so small and insignificant that neither of them could remember what it was. The fight had a snowball affect untill neither of them knew what they were fighting over. Then one day, while they were taking a break from fighting, we went to see a funny movie. A while into the movie I got up to go to the restroom, and when i got back my freind and his girlfreind were both lauphng histaricly. I asked them what was so funny, but they wouldn't tell me.  @CAPS4 the movie we went to a @CAPS1 restorant for dinner. While we were being seated my freind mumbled something i couldn't hear to his girlfreind, and she burst into laughter. I again asked what was so funny, and again they replied that it was nothing. During dinner, which was extrordiary for @CAPS1 food, my freinds girlfreind got up to go to the restroom. @CAPS4 she was out of earshot, my freind turned to me and said, "@CAPS3'll never beleive what just happened. Me and her aren't fighting any more. @CAPS4 @CAPS3 left to go to the restroom, I asked her if she could remember what we were fighting over, and she said she had no idea and was just fighting because she diddn't want to loose the arguement. @CAPS4 she said that I fessed up and said i was argueing for the same reason. this made us laugh so hard because we boh realized that the argument could have been over long befor that night." @CAPS4 this I almost never heard of them fighting again. This was untill they got into another arguement when she moved out of state. The arguement was over the fact that he wanted to do a long distance relationship, but she didn't want to. Since laughter saved their relationship for a little while I strongly believe that Laughter is an important part of a relationship. It also serves as an excelent ice breaker for a conversation.
