 Side by side with my best friend @PERSON1 we begin to walk to the park. The rained on @DATE1 @TIME1 wasn't very pretty or warm but the pleasures of watching lost and the hopeless at this particular park in @LOCATION1 was enough for us. Approaching the grass to the benches, mud was dominating my shoes when I was starting to think other wise of such fun. Sitting on the damp leaf filled benches we notice a man and his child walking toward us. Although this man was quite odd looking we quickly grew excited for what he had to say to us was more than likely going to match his appearance.  The fellow looked to be in his late thirty's with tight pants covered in what appeared as sharpie written all over him. A knitted scarf and with a small hat to match he had this flaming homely look about him. Beside him, a stroller with two small children, one at hand while the other lounging in a storage pocket below. The father we later find out, pretends his @NUM1 year old daughter is whispering in his ear, shouting things like "@CAPS1 WAS THAT"?! suggesting he hadn't heard her although we knew she hadn't said anything at all. "@CAPS2 want me to ask the girls if they want any raisins, is that what @CAPS2 want"? odd enough we look the raisins bushing them between the cracks of the benches on the few times he looked away. @PERSON1 an I then look at each other when he starts ranting how beautiful and striking her eyes were. The laughter was watering out of our eyes and being under such pressure to redeem, it was wanting to burst out of us both. The man then take out his phone with a video of a country singer compare their faces toward one another.  Minutes into the video I look away since the phone was now in @LOCATION2's hands. I feel her nudging me from leaving her even just with my eyes and hadn't continued suffering with the ridiculous video. Looking up I see the father staring at her as if waiting for some kind of reaction. Back to @PERSON1 I notice how uncomfortable we all were including his kids and he hadn't even a clue. throughout this whole interaction I hadn't said more than @NUM1 words in between the silent laughter and looking always that I couldn't control. My persistent friend who also hates being impolite then hands over the phone with a smile on her face and cheeks of red. "@CAPS2 really look just like her @CAPS2 know"? All these questions he had for us and no answers but laughter prancing inside us. The boiling silence was rising between us and very little we could handle next. Pulling out a script the man then asks to see our acting skills and would like to direct us sometime. Once he spilled those beans on us we jolted directly toward her house while pouring out our enormous amount of laughs being held in and effecting our ability to talk. breathe by breath running I could finally speak causing me to blurt how i could hardly fathom the reality of his request. Just another day in @LOCATION1 we thought, but for us everyday was just something to laugh about.
