In any relationship, things like physical contact, verbal conversations, or any kind of outward expression at all is very important. More particularly, laughing is key as well, to any kind of iteracton with someone. Laughing says,"what you are saying is funny" or, I'm enjoying this". Laughing says a lot without saying a word. Think about someone you know very well. It might be your best friend, or it might be a family member. If you think about it, you can tell when they are mad, sad, angry, frustrated, just by looking at their facial expressions or looking into their eyes. When you see them laugh, you see happiness. Its so obvious, because their eyes sparkle, their face lights up, and you just know that they are cheery. Now think about when you are hanging out with your friends. Being with friends is always fun, and we love it. That's why we go do things with them right? And when we are with them, we laugh a lot. We tell funny stories, we share inside jokes, and fun memories that make us laugh, and we love that, we love the feeling we get when we are with them,and most of all, we love the moments that make us laugh. Maybe its a long car ride, a sleepover, or maybe its at a party or church perhaps. Have you ever noticed that when one person laughs, the rest of the group follows in unison? Laughter is contagious, making it hard to resist most of the time. Whether it be a joke that was told, or that someone made a fool of themselves, its always a favorite part of any gathering or party, or whatever it @MONTH1 be. Some people say that each time you laugh, a few seconds are added to your life. Im not so sure I believe that, but I do believe laughing is healthy. I know that when I laugh, i feel so much better. Whenever I get back from hanging out with my three closest friends, I feel great. It's like whatever else that was getting to me that week or day is just forgotten, and especially if we laugh a lot, it makes me feel good. When a friend or someone else we know is down in the dumps,what is the first thing most of us resort to? It's going to be making them laugh right? Because laughter is a big part of being happy. When someone laughs, they find it hard to resist being cheered up. For this reason, I believe that laughter is the best medicine of all. It's so hard not to feel better when laughing. Once again, I believe that laughter is important in any human relationship, because laughing shows that you are either enjoying their company, just like smiling at all the right moments, or making the right face when they are telling a story, and showing them that you are engaged in the conversation. If someone is telling a funny story, or a joke, laughing shows that you get the humor in what they are saying. If you are enjoying being with that person, laugh a lot. Show them that you love hanging out with them. People love making other people laugh. Whether you are laughing at a joke, a funny story, or a face they made, or all of the above, laughing is just as important in any situation. Just like the saying goes for smiling, everyone laughs in the same language. Laughter says the same thing all around the world. Laughter is is almost always a good sign, and means something is going right.
