 It was the @DATE1 and my friend @PERSON1 was going to come home with @CAPS2. We talked about our plans for the week all @DATE1 at @DATE1. Some of our ideas that we had thought up included going to a movie, hanging out at my house and doing our nails while telling stories, or going on an adventure around my neighborhood. At lunch that @DATE1 we decided on trying to do all of the ideas because we had @DATE1 days to hang out. After lunch we went to our next two classes and the classes seemed to go by really slow. Finally the @DATE1 bell of the @DATE1 rang and @PERSON1 and I ran to our locker to meet up and get all of our stuff to go home.  We went outside the front doors of the @DATE1 and waited on the front steps for my mom. We waited for twenty minutes @DATE1 we remembered that my mom told @CAPS2 that we would have to walk home after @DATE1 because she had to work late. @PERSON1 and I looked over at each other and started laughing, because we had totally forgotten about having to walk home. Finally we stopped laughing and got up to walk home. On our way home we had my i-pod out and the volume turned to max so we could listen to music and dance around. We finally made it home and dropped all of our stuff off and got something to drink.  On our way to my moms work, we stopped at the local gas station to get something to eat . We left the gas station and continued to my moms work. On the way to the bank where my mom works we came across a dog chasing a squirrel. The dog was running so fast that the fur on its face was pushed back and it looked like it was going to rip off. The squirrel ran up a tree that was nearby, but the dog didn't realize that he couldn't climb the trunk and ended up running head first into the tree. @PERSON1 and I started laughing at the dog because it stumbled around for a few minutes and then decided to sit down and just bark at he tree. We left the dog and squirrel and continued to the bank. We arrived at the bank twenty minutes later and talked to my mom. She gave us money to go buy a coffee and then she told us to go back home. On our way home we stopped at @ORGANIZATION2 and got coffee.   On our way back to my house from @ORGANIZATION2 we watched the people drive by and laughed at all the people singing in their cars while stopped at the light. We arrived back at my house and decided to put a movie in. We watched @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and ate popcorn. Any time the little yellow people came into the movie we laughed because we both thought they were cute. After the movie my parents got home, and we had pizza and @CAPS3. Pepper for dinner. After dinner we played the wii and then fell asleep. The next @DATE1 when we woke up my dad made us pancakes and eggs for breakfast. After breakfast we got ready to go and my mom took us to the mall. At the mall my mom told @PERSON1 and I to meet her back at food court around two. We left my mom and headed to the first store. While we were walking to one of the store we saw a guy with a mowhak and a green beard. We looked at each other and started laughing because his beard looked like a @CAPS4 tree tipped over. At @NUM1-o'clock we left to go back to food court to meet up with my mom. She bought us @ORGANIZATION1 and told us that if we left now we could go see a movie. We decided to stay for one more hour and then we left to go home. On our way home we danced around in the backseat and sang to all of the songs that we knew.  When we arrived home we played the wii until my dad got there. After my dad got home we ate dinner and then played the wii again. This time when we played the wii we got my parents to play too. Whenever it was my moms turn we would laugh because of how she would set herself up to bowl. After we finished playing the wii @PERSON1 and I went into my room and talked about all of the guys that we liked. We laughed at some of our choices because of the reasons that we liked them. We talked for about two hours and then fell asleep. The next @DATE1 we woke up and had eggs and toast for breakfast. After breakfast @PERSON1 got dressed to go home. After she left we talked over text about all the fun we had, and how we couldn't wait for tomorrow.
