                                  "@CAPS1 @DATE1" @CAPS2 my brother graduated @CAPS1 year it was a great time in our lives . We all were having fun daily because it was like my brother didn't have rules any more this made him a lot more fun to be around. At the beginning of the @DATE1 my brother and I were going fishing almost daily with our friends. It was a very fun for all of us. We all got to hang out and stay connected because there is nothing ells to do in our small town except for go to the lake and fish for bass.   @CAPS2 he graduated everyone close to the family gave him gifts like money or presents. My mother however couldn't decide what she wanted to get him. @CAPS2 she saw us always going up to the lake to go bass fishing she had an idea, she would send my brother and a couple of his friends on a fishing trip. My brother was very excited to here her plan. They spent many hours searching for a place for him and his friends to travel to. They decided on going into the deserts of @LOCATION1 to a huge lake to camp at.  I myself thought this was a very cool plan and i was happy for my brother. Little had I known my brother was planing on taking me with him. He told me his plans of who he would be taking a couple weeks before it was time to depart. I was so excited! My brother said we would be taking our friend @PERSON1 on the trip with us witch was cool because he is a fun person to be around. He was so so happy @CAPS2 we told him he was going because he loves bass fishing more than us.   Immediately @PERSON1 ran out to the garage to get his camping and fishing gear ready for the trip as did we @CAPS2 we got home that night. Two weeks later we all departed for a two week trip to the deserts of eastern @ORGANIZATION1. The first day we were in eastern @ORGANIZATION1 before we even found the place we were going to stay at we went to a huge reservoir to go fishing. @PERSON1 almost caught a huge @NUM1 inch bass however his line on his fishing rod broke. My brother and I laughed at him and he was mad.  We spent the first night on the side of the road in the near freezing dry @LOCATION1 air because we had accidentally gone a day early and our camp sight was occupied in the campground. We were unhappy about it at the time but now we look back on that night with great laughter. The next few days went by with much fun. We met some collage students from @ORGANIZATION1, they were very chill people to hang out with we all joined around the camp fire and told jokes. We laughed for probably a half an hour @CAPS2 one of the guys told us about some funny collage party things that had happened. @CAPS1 @DATE1 was a very interesting @DATE1 that was full of laughter and joy.  
