 The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 extreme temperatures occur, the situation becomes very dangerous. In my case, the extreme weather was @CAPS1. I lived in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 at this time and was eight years old. It happened in the middle of @DATE1, @CAPS3 an almost record high temperature occurred @LOCATION2. The day had peaked at one hundred twenty five degrees @CAPS4, and to make matters much worse, our entire neighborhoods power had gone out. Nobody had air conditioning and many people ended up getting severely sick or injured. We lived in a gated community, and everyone got along great. People from the neighborhood gathered together and put up tents for shade, and provided everyone with cold water. There are important things that you must remember @CAPS3 a situation like this happens, you must have a good attitude, because it's no help to be complaining, also to not think about the @CAPS1, and to help other people who need it. I don't think that our community would have lasted, if it weren't of everyone's great attitude and spirit, and of course, the laughter. It is so important to have a good attitude during a situation like this. What is the point of complaining and getting mad for no reason? I was told that it would not last forever, and to keep my chin up. I could tell that the many other kids, and even adults who were complaining were have a much harder time coping with this situation. It was very hard for me no not complain, being an eight year-old, but I eventually managed with the help of a lot of water. If you keep your spirits up, and interact with people, the say seems to go by much faster. I remember @CAPS3 my whole family was under one of the tents, just sitting around telling funny stories, and telling jokes. I would have much rather had a day like that with my family than a normal, boring one. Out of the many important things you could possibly do, is to not think about the @CAPS1. If you don't think about it, then you will have a much better time and not be complaining. It is important in many situations to keep your mind off the topic so you won't be stressed out. I saw many people there who just couldn't take it. They would only say how bad it was, and it was very easy to tell that they were all stressed out. If you try to make the situation a good one, and not keep thinking about it, then you will get through it, no matter how bad it is. During this @CAPS2 of @CAPS1, many people needed assistance. The community was a big help because they set up tents and provided people with water and snacks. However, it started to get bad, people were suffering from @CAPS1 exhaustion, and many of them had to be put on @CAPS5's. There were several ambulances there to help people out and get them back to normal. Some people did need to go to the hospital and get further attention. The community eventually got through the day with so serious injuries. The power came back on at around six o'clock. Being exhausted the people slowly walked or drove back to their houses. Our whole family walked back to the house and immediately turned on the air conditioning. Everyone was so relieved and happy that we were finally out of that situation. Even at night, the day was at a low of one hundred twelve degrees. We played games and told jokes the rest of the night and were able to get through it all. Our family had stayed strong through the @CAPS1, while many others didn't last. It just goes to show that ,"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."
