@CAPS1.., that is a sound i love to hear, laughter. Laughter plays a big roll in my life. To me it is the only thing that can keep me going. Sometimes it is even better then ice cream, and that is saying a lot. I have had many different experiences in life that laughter has been a big part of. Like @CAPS6 my brother got sent back to jail. @CAPS6 I was @CAPS5 I had to laugh because it was the only thing that made me feel good inside. Also, @CAPS6 i got dumped like last nights garbage, laughter made me feel as if nothing had ever happened. So @CAPS6 people are not feeling the best or are going through struggles in their life, I truly believe that laughter will make everything feel a little bit better. @CAPS2!", it hit me like a brick in the head. Hearing that my brother got put back in jail was a hard thing to hear. He had just gotten out from a four month sentence, three months ago. One of the hardest things is thinking of what to say @CAPS6 his three year old son, @PERSON1, asks "@CAPS3's @CAPS4?". The main reason I'm not as scared for my brother as I was is because of my nephew @PERSON1. He can light up any situation with his adorable laugh. So whenever my brother gets thrown back into jail, I know everything will be okay @CAPS6 I see a big smile on @PERSON1's little chubby face. He is my inspiration to smile @CAPS6 I feel like there is absolutely nothing in this word to smile or laugh about. Even @CAPS6 we were both sitting in the emergency room he still just kept on laughing.  Being @CAPS5 is the absolute worst thing in the world to me. I hate not being able to get out of bed and go places. All I usually do is go stuff outside with my friends, but @CAPS6 I'm @CAPS5 I cant do anything. The only things I can really do is take nasty medicine. Recently I was in the hospital with very severe abdominal pains. Then not even two weeks later I was back in the emergency room with strep. I was in a lot of pain for about four weeks all together. one thing I hate more then being @CAPS5, is people feeling bad for me being @CAPS5. So whenever I'm @CAPS5 I always crack jokes and make people laugh no matter how much it hurts me to laugh. Even though the laughing did not feel good physically, it sure made me feel a lot better emotionally. Laughing is like my brand of medicine for @CAPS6 I'm not feeling well. It seems to make me feel better faster then any other over the counter medicine. Especially for breaking up with my first "love". "I just don't want my mistakes to hurt you anymore", that was the last thing he said to me. My first "love" just left me standing alone on a staircase to drown in my own tears. It was my first real break-up. I was having a pretty hard time dealing with it. Then the day after we broke up my friends came and picked me up. They told me that I needed to be cheered up. @CAPS6 we got into town we stopped by the store. My friend @PERSON3 told me to pick out a half gallon of ice-cream, so I got mint chocolate chip. We finally got to @PERSON3's house and he told me that I had to eat the whole half gallon of ice cream to myself. Of course I didn't argue. While I was eating the ice cream him and my friend @PERSON2 put on a little skit of how they were going to be up my ex boyfriend. I was laughing so hard I got a brain freeze. By the time the skit was over I was rolling on the floor laughing. All the laughing made me forget that I was sad in the first place. I felt that just having a good laugh with my friends brought us closer together. While I was with my ex we never hung out because i was always with him. I had a blast that day and I will remember it forever. Laughing is truly the key to living a great life. "@CAPS6 life gives you lemons make lemonade", that is a quote that I chose to listen to and try to follow. To me the quote is just saying to enjoy the little things in life. So whenever I laugh, I am enjoying a little pleasures in life. Laughing is a part of my life no matter how hard life @MONTH1 seem. So even if my brother is in jail, I'm @CAPS5, or i just got dumped; I laugh so that I don't have to worry anymore. Laughter is a main ingredient to everyone's life, don't forget it or life wont turn out the way that anyone would want it.   "
