 Everyone loves to laugh; I don't think everyone understands the effect laughter can have on two people though. For example, there can be two complete strangers, who have never seen each other before in their life; as soon as they start laughing they could become good friends. You'll never know how close you can be with someone if you don't ever sit down and talk, laugh, and get to know them. You could go your whole life being at @CAPS4 with just a minute amount of friends but then there could be @NUM1 other classmates you've never talked to that could also become your friends, too. I'm sure just getting to know one another would make a difference in someones life because for me there has been many situations where laughing has made an impact on my relationship with someone; especially with my best friend, @PERSON1. When I first met my friend @PERSON1 we didn't know each other at all but laughing broke the ice. A simple laugh made us comfortable and everything was less awkward. As soon as we started laughing more and more, we couldn't stop; the rest was history. I went to elementary @CAPS4 with @PERSON1 for @NUM2 years and never talked to her but then when we got into @NUM3 grade we started hanging out with the same people and started talking more. By @NUM4 grade we began to hang out outside of @CAPS4 and talking, sharing secrets, and having sleep overs. But "breaking the ice" isn't the only impact laughing can have on a relationship. When I'm with @PERSON1, I know I can trust her and everything is fun. We always have conversations to talk and laugh about. You could say it made us closer. By the time @NUM5 grade came we were best friends, we had sleepovers every single weekend at one anothers house. When the @DATE1 before our @NUM6 grade year at the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 came we were spending weeks at each others houses. There wasn't a day that went by that we weren't together, talking, or making plans over the @DATE1 to hang out. Now, we can be ourselves around each other; we can always have a good time. Making people closer is just a small part of the effects that just one laugh can do to two people. When I'm sad about something @PERSON1 makes everything better; also vise versa; I make her feel better, too. We always have each others back. I know we will always be there for each other; I'll always have a shoulder to cry on. We have become such close friends that when @PERSON1 was having problems at home she needed a place to live in order for her to not have to go to The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, so she moved in with me! It has been the most fun living with her. We thought we would start to argue and not be as close since we would always be together and probably get annoyed of each other but we haven't. @PERSON1 and I can hang out @NUM7 and always be together; it's like having another sister.  @PERSON1 and I are super close, and she plans to stay living with me for the rest of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 until we graduate. It's amazing to think us being best friends and tremendously close, living together, always being together, and being totally comfortable with each other on everything just started out with a simple laugh when we first started talking in the @NUM3 grade. This is why I believe that just laughing can make two strangers, that have never even spoken, can turn into being the closest of friends.
