 Laughter is important in any relationship because it brings two people closer, connecting them between something they have in common forming an unbreakable bond between the two of them laughter is the glue that holds together any relationship and keeps a person from breaking into tears when something wrong happens. In fact without laughter I probably would not even get through my day to day school life. Without laughter one class in particular would be a nightmare.  In @ORGANIZATION1 we are dissecting cats and we are working with a partner, if I was not making jokes and laughing while I worked, my partner and I would have hated each other. We got to choose our partner and work at a lab station with another pair of students, fortunately for me I knew all of the people I was working near and with, and I was friends with all of them. we had to wear gloves and suits so we didn't get fluids or "cat juices" on us. First, we had to skin the cat, of course there is more than one way to do this, you can cut, slice, rip, and pull to remove the skin. Then we had to view and identify the muscles this was especially hard because we could not tell where one muscle begins and another ends. Next we had to remove the muscles and identify the bones and digestive organs. After we identified the bones and digestive organs, we had to remove them and view the stomach, liver, intestines, and kidneys. We had to cut open the stomach, intestines, and kidneys to look at the structure of them. lastly, we had to remove the heart and lungs. The class was told we are doing dissections for about a month and it has only been three weeks. You can only imagine how horrible and fascinating it is and how much I need laughter to keep myself together and from going insane. My friends keep me from breaking into tears and keep me laughing.  Dissecting cats in @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 was challenging not only physically, but mentally challenging as well. It stressful, fascinating, and gross, and without the jokes and the laughter I do not think I would have never made it through it. My friends support there when I needed it guided me through the terrible assignment. So as you can clearly see, without laughter I would not be able to do some of the day to day things I do at school.
