Have u ever been hit by a basketball in the face?. One day I was playing basketball whit my friends I had no school so I think it was like @NUM1 pm. We were having a blast playing my favorite sport and making jokes. The day was going good I was making hoops and I had some good jokes every one was laughing. My friend @CAPS1 ask me a question about some girl so I turn my face to him and then the basketball hit me right in the face hard at first I ti-rent get angry it was and accident so it was all good but then my friends started laughing that made there day they current stop it so I lost it I wanted to hit them all of them. I started to think if one of them had had got-ting hit in the face the same way I did I would of been laughing too but they ti-rent I did so I just left home angry. When I got home I was still angry so I went to the garage I have a punching bag in there. I started hitting it to get my anger out that's what my dad told me when I was a little kid when am angry don't take out on the family go run or hit something but don't take it out on the family. I was in there for like half and hour then I went inside to the kitchen to get something to eat my mom was there then she saw my face it was still red from the hit. She started screaming at me saying what happen was I fighting stuff like that. I was still angry and then she was screaming at me that made more angry I just current take it no more so I left to my room put some music on I was in there for like and hour then my phone was ringing it was my friends I had like five miss call and three messages from them saying if I was crying and things like that still making jokes. The time went by and I was still angry I current forget about what had happen. My younger brother @CAPS2 came into my room whit food I was still hungry because I ti-rent get nothing from the kitchen because my mom was screaming at me so a left whit no food and a empty stomach he was eating it in front of me making faces and saying that was the best sandwich ever man I current take it I took it from him he wanted that then I sat down starting eating it he comes up to me and ask me why was I angry and I told him he started to lough a punching him slowly he ask me if I wanted to go play video games. So we went to play @NUM2 is a army game his really good at it I suck every time he kills me he starts saying jokes like who's your daddy and stuff like that. After a while I forget about what happen I begging to smile so me and my brother go outside the house to play soccer we were there for like ten minutes then my friends were walking by @CAPS3 screams my name I turn my face to him again I got hit again my brother kick the ball hard it was going fast when I saw it I had already got hit by it but this time was in my stomach every one loughs at first I ti-rent but then hearing every one loughs and thinking about it to get hit twice the same day and way because I turn my face I tough it was funny so I start loathing too. My friends came over and say they were sorry for laughing at me but it was funny and the one the hit me said that it was my fault because I wasn't looking I was like whatever. I ask them if they wanted to play soccer whit us they said yes we were playing for like five minutes when my brother kick the ball and hit my friend right in the face the one the hit me whit the basketball I start cracking up and I told him why wasn't he looking and that what goes around comes. That put a big smile on my face and after a while it was all good again we were having fun whit no anger to each other that's one time laughter change how i felt.
