 I have heard people say that a smile makes a big difference in a first meeting, a relationship, or just walking past people on the street. If someone has had a bad @CAPS2, not only should a smile make it better, but also some laughter along to accompany that sincere smile. I enjoy walking down the street on a nice, beautiful @CAPS2 and walking by locals I know that smile, laugh, and give a little wave to show that they are enjoying the @CAPS2 as much as I am. Walking past someone I @MONTH1 not know also has its positives. One look to see their face can tell me if they are having a good @CAPS2 or a bad @CAPS2. Either way, I give a smile. A smile to show that it is a good @CAPS2 or a smile of encouragement to let them know it will get better. I enjoy the feeling I get @CAPS12 I meet someone and I know that we connected great. A good first impression is very important for me because it can determine how the friendship will go and how long it can last. I now know that I enjoy being around someone like me who enjoys to smile and laugh. I can't really seem to see myself around a serious person and I know if I was, we would clash and have problems because I am loud and if they are serious, there would be problems and not be able to collaborate on decisions.  @CAPS12 I first met my friend @CAPS1, I was nervous and scared because we were set up as a blind date by a mutual friend. It was a @ORGANIZATION1's @CAPS2 double date with our friend and my cousin. @CAPS12 the guys first picked us, I got into the car and the first thing that I remember was seeing a big smile on this guy's face. I ended up getting more nervous and began to stutter as we started to talk. As the date went on, he seemed like a down to earth guy and always seemed to have a smile on his face and laughter seemed to flow right out of him. As time went on, we became closer than what I would have ever thought of. I was not sure where our friendship would lead us, but soon after, it became noticeable that he liked me and I liked him. We took it slow, not rushing into things. We had long conversations that would last us hours at a time and we always seemed to laugh about everything. He made everything seem better and better each and every time we talked. Pretty much having the same personality and both always smiling and laughing helped us connect right away.  Just the other night , @CAPS1 and @CAPS4, our mutual friend, came over to visit my cousin @PERSON1 and me at her house. We were all laughing and enjoying each others company @CAPS12 @CAPS4 and @PERSON1 decided to go to the store and buy some things using @CAPS1's car. Since they weren't going to be gone for long, @CAPS1 and I decided to wait inside. Minutes after that, as we sat, talking to each other, @CAPS4 and @PERSON1 run into the house looking flushed, out of breath, scared and nervous about something. @CAPS4 wouldn't look at us, so @PERSON1 told us to go outside, something had happened to the car. As we stood there, I realized that the car was no where in sight in the driveway, so I became suspicious. We asked them where the car was and they pointed to the road and in the dark all we could see was the faint outline of a car in the ditch. I was expecting @CAPS1 to get mad and say something to @CAPS4, who seemed to not know what to say, but instead he smiled, walked towards the car and said, "@CAPS11't worry, the car is fine." @CAPS12 he said that, he started laughing, his amazing laugh. I was still in the state of shock and so @CAPS12 I heard that laugh of his, I turned and looked at him, and realizing that he was happy and didn't seem to mind the accident, I began laughing as well and in less than @NUM1 seconds of him beginning to laugh, not only was it us four laughing, but also two of my other cousins that had joined us outside. Laughter made the situation better and I enjoyed the fact that we could all laugh about the smallest, the unexpected and the worst as well as the best. What also made me happy, was the fact that that very same night after the incident, @CAPS1 asked me the question I was hoping to hear and the way he said it made me laugh which then caused him to laugh. I answered his question with a hug and a yes and he brought out a banquet of roses. As we walked inside, my cousins and my aunt started to applaud and we all started to laugh with smiles on our faces.
