 We were heading to our first ski race. On either side of me, my friends @CAPS1 and @PERSON1 sat, crammed together in our team van. Our packed bags and ski gear filled the vehicle to the top, along with six other kids, occupying all of the other empty spaces. Our uncomfortable seating arrangements didn't seem to ruin our fun, within five minutes of our road trip, the van exploded with laughter, as @PERSON1, most likely a future comedian started off cracking jokes, just being himself as usual. Within those first five minutes of our drive, I could already tell that this was going to be a ski trip I would always remember.  The van rolled up to the hotel parking lot. My ski team would be lodging here for the long weekend. The sky had turned black with the @TIME1, and me along with everyone else trudged along with weary eyes, exhausted from the long drive. We quickly unloaded our bags, all eager to hop into our beds, needing to be well rested for our first ski race of the season. Shortly after, everyone was soon in bed, knowing that five a.m. would be coming quickly. The sun began rising over the mountains, signaling time to wake up. This was not the case for me. I had been up for nearly an hour, and sat in our van while we sped around each corner up to the mountain. It was race day, and me, along with all of my teammates were all excited for the day coming. The morning flew by, collecting our bibs at registration, getting our lift tickets, and inspection of the course. I now stood at the top of the hill peering down at the course ahead of me. I had to focus. While I have had a lot of fun, it was time to concentrate, to preform my absolute best. The pressure was on. I now stood in the start gate, my coach stood by my side, and my friends were watching as well, cheering me on. I was hoping not to disappoint. "@CAPS2 ready," the official began in a tense voice, "@CAPS3!" I threw my self our of the start gate. I flew by each gate, staying in control and most important, going fast. The wind slid past my aerodynamic body, my ankles and knees rolled with each turn. Everything was going well until I broke over the knoll. My body compressed bringing my knees to my chest, as I skied over the roller, throwing me off balance. I fought to get back up, to regain myself, but I couldn't do it. My skis spun out from under me, causing me to be spit out from the course, landing on my back, sliding down the mountain, hopeless and done for. It was over. I sat in the snow frustrated with my performance. I wanted a second chance that I wasn't going to get. @PERSON1, one of my teammates, came up to me and sat in the snow by my side. My first thought was he was going to say something of a cliche "nice job," or a "you'll do better next time". To my surprise he tells me one of his ridiculous jokes. My mouth turns up, trying to contain a laugh, unsuccessful, I burst into laughter. @PERSON1 sits there and smiles at me. Almost immediately I found myself in a better mood. I give him a quick "thanks," with a smile before we both @CAPS3 to watch and cheer on our teammates. Although I didn't do my best, I didn't let my results ruin my weekend. The next day, I skied two solid runs with top finishes, if I had stayed upset with myself, I would have never been able to achieve those results. I came to realize that some days, just a small laugh can be all you need to turn any day around. Laughter, I have found is essential in any situation. It's a connection that can bring anyone closer. For me, laughter changed my personality that day on the mountain. Laughter can mean many different things for many different people, laughter could be a special bond between to people. Laughter can remove the seriousness or competitively in a situation, but also it unites us. Languages are different among people, but everyone understands a what a laugh can do, a laugh is universal.
