 When I was a young boy I used to laugh at anything I could, but as a kid who didn't? As I got older and grew more, I developed a great sense of humor that to my advantage made me a young people pleas-er. I grew more and more developing a stronger, more confident sense of humor. I could always remember making people laugh and loving the attention I received from humor.  As my body grew older and my humor grew more funny I had made myself more dependent on my people pleasing personality. In addition, I then taught myself how to alter my voice and change my tone for a more humorous effect. It was a step I knew was appropriate to advance my humorous personality. I had no intention of loosing my humor, so I used it to my advantage.  I used my humor to boost my @CAPS1 count, to get attention from non-accepting peers, and to get the attention that I thrived on. I had began to be accepted by higher peer groups that used to look down on me and it seemed as if I had a lot of the attention. Anything I could do to make my fellow peers laugh was a goal for me. Anything from rolling down stairs, telling jokes, making teachers angry which students thought was funny, and occasionally destroying things. All this just so I could fit into the crowd that used to reject me. As I advanced into high school I knew my humor needed work to keep my peers still laughing, I just didn't know what kind of work I needed. That was when I started to ultimately loose my funny, humorous personality. I had then dropped in the peer ranks, down to the kids I thought were once called strange. I was friends with people who didn't always keep their heads up and were constantly down and seemed never positive. I was letting people that I called friends drag me to the bottom when I knew I should be more at the top. This was my first major downfall in which I had successfully lost my humorous personality. One of my friends especially brought me down more than anyone else, down to a father level of being unhappy. That so called "@CAPS1" took me down so far that I needed therapy to help me get back up to a normal level of happiness. I finally realized that it wasn't fun to be someones @CAPS1 who only drags you down. I finally broke free of that clutch when she moved, I wasn't mean enough to say I didn't wanna be friends with her, it was just to hard for me. When she moved it allowed me to heal myself and pay more attention to my humor. I had broke my dark days away and started back on my endless trail of humor. It was hard to accept the fact that I had lost my humor for what seemed to be forever, and lost my spot in the social bracket which would be hard to regain. But after a month of hard work and focus on both school and humor I had got my personality back to normal! Instantly after I regained my humor I began to feel more happy. I received more attention and felt like I was back to were I should be, although I was just a little lower. Back in the saddle of humor, back the laughs of my peers, back to the smiles, and most importantly back to the way I used to be. I had to regain all of my humor and personality, my tones, voices, and jokes but it was worth it, in a strange way. As I now continue my humor as a junior and I have not successfully lost it yet, but there is always a future. I managed to turn the best thing I had to the worst I have felt in a matter of weeks, then right back up again. In the end its not what you have that matters it is what you can do to please yourself and in the end I would not change a thing!
