 Laughter leads to happiness. Happiness is a key to life. Laughing is a communication click with life, it brings you a warm feeling inside @CAPS1 you laugh. Think about it. For example, @CAPS1 you go on your first date with this wonderful guy that you are so excited but yet nervous because you don't know how he is going to act. You have all these thoughts going through your mind like, will he like what I'm wearing? Will he think I'm beautiful? What do i talk about? and trust me i bet you he is think the exact same things you are. You get to the restaurant and hes a gentlemen, he pulls your chair out for you and comes off sweet as can be. The first thing he dose is make you laugh. Laughing really changes things doesn't it? makes you feel you know comfortable.    Now lets take it back. You show up with guy he says, "hello" you sit down and he talks about the most boring subjects, doesn't smile talks kinda of quiet, makes you bring up all the subjects to talk about.Witch couple do you think is more likely to go forward? The first example right? laughing lights up everything smiling makes people happy and it feels comforting.   laughter and smiles i know falls under the same category i mean @CAPS1 you smile your happy. @CAPS1 you laugh you have to smile and usually @CAPS1 your laughing your happy about something or someone. i love @CAPS1 people make me laugh and smile it makes you feel like everything's going to be ok, @PERSON1 @CAPS1 it's not. people don't realize part of communication is smiling and laughter, they kinda ignore and come as kinda, well ya know boring witch makes a person no fun at all. Everyone has to have some joy in there life, and if not there are people out there that can help.  Do you notice gloomy people? People that are sad all the time kind of afraid of life? Maye been through a lot of hard times. Gosh I cant even imagine what some people are going through what some people are going through these days but anyway, smile lightens there heart. Makes them feel just maybe not much but better than they were feeling. just by passing on a face showing that you don't know them but maybe you can feel that there not doing well, or are hurting.   I work at a restaurant in my town here in @LOCATION1 as a waitress. I love my job and i enjoy making people smile and laugh, it makes them feel comfortable. This lady walked in my work and it was a late after noon. She we looking around at all the other customers, but it wasn't the people that were sitting with here sisters or brothers even kids. It was the couples she was looking at she looked very unhappy and it seemed to me that she probably was in a divorcee or break up she just looked very sad. knowing myself all i wanted to do was help her even put a smile on her face because i care. I went over to her table and sat down by here, remember i don't even know this lady. I looked at her and said " you know everything is going to be alright" and smiled at her. Within seconds her face lit up it was like the whole restaurant had lit up. She put a smile on her face. You know its the little things in life that make everything ok. 
