Making someone laugh is the best feeling to their soul, and it is one step closer to internal happiness. People might say that when feeling something good inside the body its when they know that they have done something right. I agree with this because it has happen to me; I was feeling down about something that I cant even remember but, when I felt the need to help someone do something I knew inside of me that I did something very special at that moment. It's amazing how you make someone laugh, and it doesn't matter where you are, you also feel happy. The one person in my life that has a great sense of humor is my mother. She is always in need of something funny.People enjoy laughing so much that it is if they were to take some sort of energy drink to make them not want to stop laughing. I hear people say that laughter is very healthy for a human soul, and it will also make the soul and body last longer. Laughter is a way of expressing yourself without having to say much. It could be a great way to start a conversation with a person. Positive thinking leads to making good choices especially if happiness leads you on in life. By making someone laugh it makes the awkwardness go away. It is better to laugh then to be sad.Everyone has their addiction to something in which they need to depend on. My mom's addiction is laughing. She laughs at work and she especially laughs at the house whenever I'm around. Although, sometimes she feels down whenever something goes wrong. I hate seeing her like this, because it then makes me feel down. When she is feeling sad it is if there is nothing in the world that would make her cheer up. If one person is feeling depress, that feeling passes on to the next person closest to them. Eventually I get tiered of seeing my mom like this and in this situation I cant help it but to get up and start doing some ridiculous stuff to cheer her up. Some things that pop into my mind is that I can start dancing funny or tell a little lie that might of happen at school that I think will cheer her up. When there is an opportunity to make someone laugh I enjoy to put a smile on their face.My mom means the world to me just as I mean the world to her. We try to help each other in any way as possible. This one day she came home from work and my dad was sitting in the table reading the newspaper and my mom walks in, and notices that my dad hasn't made food yet she started to flip out on him. She thought that it was stupid of him to not make dinner for us. She was pretty angry at him for a period of time, so she started to make us dinner but she was doing it all wrong. She was mixing the spices in the wrong pan, I was going to let her know that she was doing it all wrong, but my dad was holding me back so that I wouldn't get her more angry. She finally finish cooking and served us our plates but we didn't wanted to eat it because she made the food out of anger and made it smell funky. My dad forced us to eat it because he thought that by eating the food it would make her happy, but he was wrong it only made her feel worse because my youngest brother didn't like it. I felt bad so I had to do something funny that was going to put her in the mood to not be mad at my dad anymore. I turn on the @CAPS1 and changed the @CAPS2 to the music @CAPS2 and started to dance as if I were to have ants in my pants. Her lungs were about to burst because she was laughing so hard, and eventually she was in a good mood for the rest of the day.Everywhere I go I see people smiling and laughing about something and it only makes me wonder about the funny things that are being said. I think that it is a good thing for someone to feel good about themselves because it brings a positive feeling in the room. I enjoy to see people be happy because it always makes me feel happy. What better way to be happy when smiling is one step closer to laughing. My mom and I like to take walks just so that we wouldn't feel apart and stay closer to each other, we see different people each time we go walking and we always get a smile from them. That is the best feeling in the world, to feel joy is to be free from all your problems.
