Water @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 we think that laughter is just an emotion, but in all actuality it's practically a way of life. We use laughter to cheer people up, or get out of trouble. People do stupid things just to make others laugh. I personally think laughter is a reason to live, and that every one needs more of it in their daily lives. I have always been the type to make every one laugh and feel better, and I would always put myself in pain just to cheer someone else up. When I was a child my friend would always be picked on at school, for no reason really. And I wasn't the type to take action, or try and get back at someone. But that all changed when my friend came home covered with food crying before school was even let out. She told me that these girls threw their lunches at her and were calling her names. So the next day I went to school with her in the morning and I took @CAPS1 filled with chocolate milk, smoothie, egg yolks and soured milk. When she pointed the girls out to me I grabbed the balloon with chocolate milk and threw it right at one of them and it hit her in the chest. She started screaming that her clothes were designer, like someone would actually care. I looked at my friends face, she was awe shock, but I could tell she was trying to hold back her joy because she knew I was not yet finished. I then threw one with egg yolks in it and got in a girls hair, her scream was earsplitting. The smoothie filled one got two of the girls who were hugging to try and keep each other safe (or trying to use each other as a shield) but it wouldn't work with my throws. They started to freak out and run to the others, which was a bad idea because they were all hudled together trying to figure out who it was. By the time they figured it out it was too late, I was already throwing the biggest balloon filled with soured milk at them and they couldn't get out of there fast enough. It landed in between all of them and exploded when they had turned to see what it was that was thrown. It covered all of them and they started screaming so loud that the school officials started coming out of the building to see what all the screaming was about.  I could see everyone of the kids who saw the whole show coming over to me, they started to tell me how amazing it was and how funny the girl's reactions were. Some kids were still on the ground laughing so hard they couldn't breathe. Some thanked me and told me that these girls had been picking on them for a while. I looked at my friend who was on the verge of tears. She ran over and hugged me so tightly I thought the air was going to be squeezed out of me. It's been ten years since then and I still talk to my friend, she even occasionally calls me if she's having trouble with someone at school. As for the girls? I haven't heard anything about them since they all got transferred to different schools. I guess laughter is the source of all joy in our lives, and helps people become closer then ever before. My friend still says that it was the best day of her life. Some of the other kids who witnessed the event go to high school with her now, and all ask how I am and want to see me do something like it again. Unfortunately I had to turn them down and tell them they have to learn how to deal with their own bullies themselves. I imagine that some of them have come up with very creative ways to get back at people by going off of what I did.
