@ORGANIZATION1 is one of the many joys I love to share with people. I absolutely love to laugh, I don't know where i would be if I didn't laugh. My cousin; @CAPS1 and I, are usually together for most of the @DATE1 and the truth is we are not supposed to have energy drinks. @CAPS1's dad; @PERSON1, gave us a monster to split and that day we were going to @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1. After about ten minutes of us drinking the whole monster, me being the one who drank most of it, was the one who was staying calm. @CAPS1 on the other hand, who drank a couple of sips, was going crazy. She was running down the aisles and tripping over her own feet. She almost tipped the cart over with me on the end of it. @ORGANIZATION1 hysterically for no apparent reason is normal for her. Wendy; @PERSON1's wife and my second cousin started to get hungry, so we went to go eat pizza at the @ORGANIZATION2 cafe that is there. My mom had called me and I was trying to get my phone from my pocket to answer while trying to hold on to my plate of hot pizza. I handed my plate to @CAPS1 because my plate was slipping from my grip. She was holding her food in her other hand, she felt the bottom of my plate and said it was really hot so she passed it off to @PERSON1 who wasn't paying attention and he didn't have a good hold on it and my pizza dropped on the floor, pizza side down. It was so embarrassing everybody was looking at us. After that embarrassing moment, @PERSON1 realized that he forgot the churos, so he told @CAPS1 to go get them. All three of us realized his mistake as soon as @CAPS1 left, cause @CAPS1 is a klutz and we probably jinxed it by saying @CAPS1 is probably going to drop them". We were a little surprised that she hadn't dropped them yet, as soon as we thought that and she set them on the table, one of the churos fell off the table and rolled out of the package. We were @ORGANIZATION1 so hard that we couldn't breathe. @CAPS1 was so embarrassed by her mistake that she turned bright red. We felt bad for poor @CAPS1, but we couldn't help but laugh because of how funny it was. She knew it was funny but she didn't want to laugh at herself. One of the things i usually say is if you can't and aren't willing to laugh at yourself then you aren't having fun. That's why i believe it is so important to laugh cause you gotta learn how to have fun when it is in a situation that you need to laugh at yourself but yet aren't wanting to. That's one of the biggest ways to have fun is by @ORGANIZATION1, because you know you made a small silly mistake that you think everyone in the world saw, all you need is to laugh it off. But you wont cause you feel too embarrassed or too ashamed to admit that you made a little mistake. Sometimes it's your job to go over to them, pat them on the back and tell them that everybody makes mistakes, you gotta learn how to be silly in a tough situation, and that nobody is perfect. Tell them to laugh it off, it helps and you will feel better once you realize that when life knocks you down just get back up cause that's what life is all about. That's the only way you can learn from your mistakes and from life as well. Laughter is really important the more you laugh the better you feel and the better you feel the more fun you will have. Laughter fixes everything, it is a bandage for the little things that happen in life."
