 Laughter is a great thing, except for some instances. We all have been there. Having a good time with friends, laughing and making new memories. Then you take a drink of something and start laughing again. Next thing you know you're choking and can't breathe. You're coughing as much as you can, trying to stop. It's not only a little embarrassing, but it can get a little awkward too. You can't stop it, you just have to let nature take its course. Everyone stares, asking if you're alright. The moment feels like forever, and that was exactly how I felt. I have two best friends, @CAPS1 and @PERSON1. It was during the @DATE1 and we decided to have ourselves a little movie night at @ORGANIZATION3's house. We were fully prepared with candy, soda pops, and the best of all, pizza. It all added up for a great night. We decided to watch the movie @ORGANIZATION1. It's all of our favorites, I don't think we could ever grow tired of it. @CAPS1, @PERSON1 and I found comfortable seating arrangements and started to watch the movie. We were eating, laughing hard-core and making comments along with it. We were having a great time. Then I decided to take a drink of my @ORGANIZATION2. I was about to swallow it, but just my luck, one of the funniest parts in the movie was on. I started to laugh and knew I had an issue. I put my cup on the table, quickly got off the couch, and took two steps when most of the @LOCATION1 in my mouth came flying out onto the floor. I couldn't breathe and was now coughing, so I kept running to my destination, the kitchen sink. I was about two feet away from the sink, I was so close! Then I felt something come up my mouth that I couldn't control. I wasn't going to open my mouth, it'd be all over the floor! I was so grossed out I basically threw myself at the sink. My mouth opened and there went the puke, into the sink. I continued to cough, wondering when it would it would all end. "@CAPS2 you okay?!" @CAPS1 ran into the kitchen and started hitting my upper back, trying to help me out. @CAPS5 hit me three times, then I could finally breathe again. "@CAPS4 you, I was having a hard time." @CAPS5 started laughing, while I was still disgusted with the nasty taste left in my mouth. I put my head under the faucet trying to clear it out a little. I grabbed a towel, and we made our way to the living room. We entered the room to find @PERSON1 sitting on the couch, laughing hysterically. @CAPS1 sat by her, and started to giggle a little along with her. I got on my knees and started wiping up the @ORGANIZATION2 spill on the floor. There wasn't too much, but still a good amount. I started to chuckle a little to myself while cleaning it up. I thought to myself, "@CAPS6 must I always be the one to choke?" "@CAPS6 didn't you just go to the bathroom sink? I mean it's right there!" @PERSON1 was pointing to the door and still laughing. "I didn't think of that! I just ran for the kitchen!" I've been to her house plenty of times before, but the bathroom slipped my mind. I laughed at how much of a blond moment I had just had. "@CAPS8 my gosh," @CAPS5 laughed a little then continued, "@CAPS9 me of @CAPS10! When I saved you!" "@CAPS11 up and watch the movie!" I told her jokingly. @CAPS5 finished laughing and we were enjoying the movie in peace again. They both still tease me about that, but I don't mind. It just goes to show you the things laughter can unexpectedly bring.
