@CAPS4 fills the air around us with happiness and joy, @CAPS4 brings warm memory's of loved ones that are close to us , and adds a splash of hope to those who need @CAPS4. Laughter is the key to solving life's problems.@CAPS4 is a way of adding something special into our life and comes from many different areas of life .Laughter could come from a pitiful joke that someone could have told you,@CAPS4 could be brought up by a show, and @CAPS4 could also come from the joy we get when a near loved one has returning home from a long journey. Imagine seeing something comical like a person falling down or crashing into a pole , the moment right when that happens you hear your self laughing as hard as you can that you practically cant breath and the person standing right next to you is joining in on the laugh. Although @CAPS3 might seem rude and disrespectful you have just made a bond with the person right next to you and found a similarity between the both of you. @CAPS3 is how friendships are brought up and made, just by one little thing that made you both laugh and have a connection with each other can trigger a brand new friendship between to people that could either last a minute or can last a life time. In my case @CAPS3 is how I met one of my closest friend ever , we had seen a student from our class trying to show the class how cool he was by climbing up the flag pole and replace the @ORGANIZATION1 state flag with his own personal home made flag ( he got the @CAPS1 off of a show ) ,as he was heading up the pole almost half way their he must have gotten scared because minutes later he started yelling for help, a minute later the faculty members finally heard his cry's and yells and tried to get him down from ware he was, @CAPS4 took them almost half an hour to get him down. @CAPS3 was the moment ware I had made one of the greatest friendship I've ever had in my life. Many friendships are made in class and with the people you go to work with but a great friendship is brought up by a simple laugh two people share with each other. God laugh's last. @CAPS3 is the name of @PERSON1 son of @CAPS2 and @PERSON2. In @CAPS3 story @PERSON2 the @CAPS5 of @PERSON1 claimed that she was surprised when she was blessed with her only child and that people would laugh and be surprised the same way she was when they hear the news. Being surprised or shocked can also bring some one to laugh at what either happened in their surroundings or what they did them self's. I remembered a time ware I laughed at something that took me by surprise, @CAPS4 was when my @CAPS5 lost the keys to the house inside the car, we looked for them every ware but had no luck finding them, after an hour had pass we called my dad so he would bring the other key to the house, after we called him we had to wait half an hour for my dad to get their but as soon as my father parked in the driveway my @CAPS5 found the key that she lost inside her pocket (@CAPS4 was a typical cartoon moment).When we heard the news we all just started laughing at what has just happen, we were all shocked and a little dumbfounded when that happened. As you can see being surprise can also bring a smile and a laugh onto someones face. Picture yourself staring into the eyes of some one close to you with a blank face and trying not to let out the slightest bit of a giggle or a smile and then find yourself laughing nonstop for no reason. That is basically an every day thing for me and my sister. My sister and I can't stare at each other for even a minute, we eventually start laughing the first five seconds and end up laughing a hole hour without stop, but as soon as we stop laughing we note's that we were laughing for no apparent reason , which would make us laugh for another hour more.That the kind of laughter that two people that are so close to each other get , the kind that you don't need a reason to laugh but you end up laughing for no reason at all.@CAPS3 shows the connection two people have with each other the type ware you know what the other person is thinking. Laughter can come from old memory's of family gatherings for the holidays , friendships we made when we were in school , memory's of our childhood and how thing we thought then were in style and cool are k now thing we look back into and laugh at, by being a little surprise, and can also be The fact that we know someone by heart .
