  On the year of @DATE1, my brother had the worst birthday headache ever. We lived in a nice big brown house. with great to loving parents. we had a nice big back yard, my brother and I loved that the most. @CAPS1 was down stars making my brother and i school lunches for school. It was my brothers first day of school and he was so happy. I mean its his birthday and he also starts school on the same day, thats awsome. @CAPS1 let my brother walk to school with me, it was only down the road. The school my brother and i went to is called @LOCATION1. When we got to the school, I could tell my brother was worried. School to me didn't seem that bad but I wasn't the one who was caught eating glue ether. Yeah my brother was caught eating glue during arts and crafts before lunch. When I was on my way to the office I say him through the window. He turned his head and smilled, I could see all the glue still wet and it's everywhere.  My brother and me always had a good relationship, we both mad each other laugh all the time. If my brother and I didn't laugh at each other, we probable wouldn't talk to each other. Laughter to me is a very importent part to any kind of relationship. It alows poth people to share their emotions in a positive way. It also helps people see what kind of sence of humor you have.  As we approched the house, we saw @CAPS1 sitting on the porch waitting for us. After we got home my brother went straight to his room to get cleaned up for his birthday. @CAPS1 had my brother do the dishes, and I do the vacuming in the living room. She always wanted the house cleaned even if people dont come over. @CAPS1 said the whole family was coming over. My brother and i were so happy, we both new grandma was coming. When everyone got here we both were very happy. Grandma showed up alittle after dad did. @CAPS1 was in such a hurry, she wanted to see my brothers face when he saw his birthday cake. When grandma comes she always brings gifts for both of us on are birthdays. When my brother was at the table @CAPS1 brang in the cake. I always see my brother happy, but not like this. I could tell that nothing could make his day any happier.  When the birthday cake was over and the presients, my brother and i went out to the back yard to play kickball. My brother wouldnt use his new soccer ball, we were stuck with a basketball to play with. @CAPS1 and grandma were watching us play, we both were having fun. We laught every time I kicked the ball wrong, or if he missed when he tried to kick the ball. As we were kicking the ball I got an idea. I wound my leg back and as the ball came close i kicked it. I kicked the ball so hard and so fast, insted of the ball going to his feet it went to his head. When the ball conected to his head he did a back flip off the ground. @CAPS1 and grandma were in aw, i was frozen still. When he got up he looked straight at me and laught. @CAPS1 started to laugh so did grandma, i was still frozen. I finaily went with it and by the time I started i couldnt stop. it was so funny, he got pickup off the ground and hit in the head with a ball and still laughs.   When it was time for everyone to go, @CAPS1 said her good byes and then it was grandmas turn. Grandma gave my brother the first kiss on the forhead than me. As grandma was leaving my brother and i sat on moms lap and gave her a big hug and said "I love you @CAPS1". @CAPS1 was tcking us in bed and was about to leave when my brother said " @CAPS1 my head hurts". I love my family and even today we look back on this and laugh. This has been a joy to write i hope you think so to.  Short story by   @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1
