 Growing up with both of my parents and having my dads parents (my grandparents) has been the best thing for me. I spent a ton of time at my grandparents house when I was @CAPS3. Every @DATE1 we got out of @CAPS1 an hour early. And every @DATE1 of elementary school, my grandpa would be waiting for me to get out of school. He would pick me up and then we would go to either @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS2's for lunch. I always wanted to go to @ORGANIZATION1 because they had a play structure. But growing up, I became really close with my grandma and grandpa. My parents didn't need to worry about babysitters because we always had my grandparents that would take care of me. So the bond with them just got stronger and stronger. I would always do my homework with my grandma, and then when I was done I would go out with my grandpa and do yard work or tinker on something in the garage. A lot of what I know now was taught to me by my grandparents. I was a very lucky @CAPS3 @CAPS5 to grow up having them in my life. Doing yard work with my @CAPS6 (which is what I called my grandpa when I was @CAPS3) was actually fun. I loved yard work. He taught me how to use the riding lawn mower at a very young age. So by the time i was @NUM1 years old I could start it up, mow the lawn, empty the grass from the catcher, and put the mower back in the garage when I was done without any help. Well one sunny @DATE2 day, when I finished mowing the lawn my grandpa was sitting on the patio drinking @NUM2, like always. So I grabbed myself one and went and joined him because that is where he always sat and watched me mow the lawn and that's where we always hung out together. We're sitting there just talking, and he asks me if I hooked the hose back up to the fosit. Well of course I didn't because I wanted to go sit on the patio with my @CAPS6. So him and I walked over to the fosit to hook it back up. But for whatever reason he told me to take the nozzle end out to some flowers. Now here is a @NUM1 year old kid standing behind his @CAPS6 with the nozzle end of a hose with @CAPS6 bending over in front of me. So I did what any other @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 would do. I held the nozzle up, aimed right at that big booty of his, and pulled the trigger. After about a good @NUM4 second soaking of his bum, I dropped the nozzle and ran as fast as I could to my grandma. And when I got to her she was wondering why I was so scared. Well all I would say was, "@CAPS6 is gonna kill me!". Here comes @CAPS6 walking up the front door which just happened to be where grandma and I were standing. He had just the most straight angry look on this face. I literally thought that my butt was going to hurt forever after he spanked me. And so there the @NUM5 of us were standing there. Me thinking that I'm going to die. And all of the sudden my grandpa gets the biggest smile on his face and both him and my grandma start cracking up. He wasn't mad, he thought it was hilarious! So of course I start laughing too!  @CAPS6 came inside and changed his now water soaked pants and underwear and then all @NUM5 of us went out on the patio and just chilled and talked and drank some great @NUM2. After a couple hours of relaxing with the best grandparents in the world, my grandma went inside to make dinner. So @CAPS6 and I stayed out on the patio and shot pine cones out of the tree with a @CAPS7 gun, seeing who could shoot more down before dinner was ready. Grandma called us in for dinner. And that night was one of the best dinners that I ever had with my grandparents, because all we did was eat, and laugh, and eat, and laugh, and eat a @CAPS3 more, and laugh a @CAPS3 more! Well @CAPS6 and I had a tradition that was started when I was old enough to talk, drink root beer floats and watch @CAPS8's together. And from that night on to the day he died, my best friend was my @CAPS6. He passed away about a year ago. Life hasn't been the same since then. But when he passed he left me his truck. Every morning when I get in and start it up, the sound of the engine just brings back memories of him and I. The sound of the blinker even brings some memories too.  But I know that everyday he looks down on me and thinks back to all of the good times that we had. Ah, how I miss the good times.
