 I have had many great times with my grandpa. He is a very funny and loving man. When my cousin, my grandpa and I get together for a camping trip there is trouble coming no matter what. A few years ago he took me and my cousin on a two day camping trip along the @ORGANIZATION1. The first campground we arrived at had no open sites so we moved on to the next campground. @CAPS1 campground had tons of open campsites so we picked the best one we could find and stayed there for the first @TIME1. Later that evening we learned why there was no one at the campground. The reason was that there was a racoon problem a few days before and people were scared to stay in the campground for fear of attack or having their food stolen. We were lucky and never saw the racoon and we never lost any of our food.  The next @TIME2 on the way out we saw a sign that read "caution racoon problem." @CAPS1 made us laugh all the way to @LOCATION1, which is a small town on the @ORGANIZATION1. Once in @LOCATION1 we stopped for gas and more food to last through the @TIME1. While at the gas station we had little bit of an issue but it was very funny. A young blond woman came out to help us and she wasn't the smartest person I have met. She charged us three times the amount of gasoline than we bought and couldn't tell us where the nearest grocery store was. Well, as my grandpa is rolling up his window he mutters quite loudly "dumb blonde", while the woman was standing right there. She didnt say a word and my gandpa drove off with me and cousin laughing so hard we could barely breath. My grandpa asked us why we were laughing so hard, so we told him what the circumstances were when he said dumb blonde. He was so oblivious to the situation that he didn't notice what came out of his mouth at the time. What even made it better was that he drove off like nothing had happened. The next @TIME1 we stayed at a diiferent campground with no racoons. Still the @TIME1 was filled with laughter. We were roasting marshmellows over the fire after our dinner and for some odd reason my grandpa could not keep the marshmellow on his stick. He wasted about six marshmellow before he even got one that he could eat. And everytime he dropped one into the fire it got more and more funny. We laughed and laughed until our stomach hurt. The best part was theat my grandpa didn't think it was funny so he just looked at me and my cousin like we were stupid or something. In the tent that @TIME1 we were so tired everything seemed funny to us. We laughed at each other until two in the @TIME2. Thats when everything went silent and we couldnt last any longer. We were all asleep within seconds. My cousin and I have gone camping with my grandpa every year now for about four years and each year we have an adventure filled with laughter as we go closer to each other. My grandpa is a great man and I look up to him for many things in my life. He has always keep me laughing and I try to do the same for him. He and I believe that it is important to laugh together because it keeps you smiling and helps you grow closer to whoever you are with. Keep laughing and have a fun in all you do.
