 Bell rings.  Shuffle, shuffle. @CAPS1. Snap. EEEE. Crack. Slam. Click, stomp, @CAPS1. Tap tap tap. SLAM. Creak. Shoof, shoof.  Sigh. Seventh class of the day. Here we go. "@CAPS2! Tu va ou pas? On a +¬tude cette class-l+á. Tu peux aller au bibliotheque si tu veux...." @CAPS3 all blinked at me, @PERSON1, @NUM1le and @ORGANIZATION1, chocolate-haired and mocha skinned, impatiently awaiting my answer. The truth was, I knew @CAPS3 didn't really care if I came or not. It made no difference to them if I trailed a few feet behind like some pathetic puppy. I was silent but adorable, loved only because I was an @CAPS4. Because I spoke fidgety @CAPS5. Because I was the exchange student, because my translator and colorful clothes were so shocking for ten seconds, and were then forgotten about.  I was a flock of seagulls haircut. So why are you here? I thought. Why did you go on exchange at all? You are the complete opposite of everyone here. No one wants you. Just go home.  But my ego had a ready answer. You begged for this remember? For months and months, it was all you wanted, all you thought about, all you dreamt about. So I went with the girls. As expected, @CAPS3 walked down the three-person wide staircase side-by-side, and I shuffled awkwardly behind them. Finally arriving at @NUM2scalier, we sat at a table, the three girls talking. I glazed my eyes over, attempting to look lost in thought, as if I didn't care I wasn't included. Selfish thoughts buzzed in my head; if @CAPS3 weren't talking to me, why should I make the effort to talk to them?   I really had no idea how @CAPS3 felt about me. How does someone feel about their shadow? @CAPS3 notice it, sure, but it never offers up insight, it never makes you laugh. It's all in the confidence, said my mother's voice, all how you carry yourself. But I knew it wasn't that simple. I was just too alien. These girls would never understand me, as I would never understand them. In frustration, I started to flick peas across the room with my spoon. Pat, flick, sproing.  This caught the interest of @PERSON1, as @NUM1le and @ORGANIZATION1 were discussing something very emotional. Tears began to pour out of @ORGANIZATION1's eyes. Sniffling, she and @NUM1le went to the bathroom, leaving me all alone with @PERSON1. Only @PERSON2 could have felt my felt my same emotion as he stared up at @CAPS6. Silently, I continued shooting peas. @PERSON1 just stared at them as @CAPS3 darted around the room. Suddenly, with a horrible miscalculation, a pea hit a boy in the face. And then, he turned around and swore. And then, @PERSON1 and I looked at each other from across the table.  And then, we laughed.  We laughed so hard I cried. So hard that huge, alien tears flooded from my eyes. People around us were laughing too, even though @CAPS3 had no idea what was so funny. I didn't even know what was so funny. But it didn't matter, because we were dripping tears and snot, reaching for each other, reenacting the pea hitting the boy's face. It was as if we had been friends for years, and laughing happened all the time. It was saturated with all the angst and lonliness and despair I had felt the past four weeks. The connection we felt was instantaneous, like lightening, the kind of connection I felt with my best friends back home. I felt that huge swelling sensation in my chest, like a balloon was stuck inside. My stomach was aching and my cheeks were so sore I felt them seizing up. My heart felt whole even for that second. My soul was open. It was the best laugh of my life.  Sniffle sniffle. GASP. Laughter. GASP. Swipe of tears. Sniffle sniffle. Laughter. GASP. This is why. I thought. This is why you came.  Bell rings.
