 Laughing makes you live longer. That's what I was told as a child. I think laughing is really important in life. And, in relationships. In my realationship with my sister @LOCATION1, we laugh all day, everyday. And I think thats why we have most fun together. I laugh most when I'm with my homies. I remember one time I was with @PERSON2 and we were just laughing so hard over nothing, thats something we do alot. I'm just a laughing person. Everybody knows that. I think when I laugh it just takes everything thats bad right now, and none of that even matters. I have this one friend namd @PERSON3, and he was the kind of person that made me laugh no matter what kind of mood I was in. So because of that, he'll always be an important person in my life. One time me and @PERSON2 were with this girl that was very quiet for some reason when she was with us, and I just straight up told her that she needs to talk, or laugh! or something. Then she opened up and actually laughed about the funny things. See, if your with a bunch of friends, or people that your affiliated with it's not good to just sit there and not say or do anything, just be yourself. Laugh about the things you think are funny even if other people dont kaugh about it. Who cares. Be you. I love, absoulutly love when babies laugh. When a baby laughs, to me it means that baby is gonna be a happy human. In movies and tv shows, sometimes I laugh. I just feel like if you laugh, your life will be way easier than just looking at the negative things. Just be happy, and laugh every once and a while.  One time me and my sister @PERSON2 stole a truck, well.. We asked the guy if we could use his truck for something and he said yeah, but we really didnt use it for anything.. We just wanted to drive. And, when we started driving, we were going so fast, and blasting loud music. It was hilarious, and now everytime we listen to that song we were blasting, we just crack up laughing. So, when you make good memories and later in life think about the memories, or they get brought up somehow.. It's funny to just sit there and reminise. I could tell you a thousand stories. Heres one. One time, me and @PERSON2 were living with our good friend @PERSON1, and we were under his table pretending we were in a space ship, it was so, so, so, much fun! I'll never forget that time. And even when I'm writing this I still laugh about these stories. One time me and my sister @PERSON2 were skating downtown, and I was trying to do this one trick, I think it was a tre' flip? Anyways, I tryed to do it and I fell on my butt. It hurt, but it was hilarious. And now everytime we pass that place where i fell, we just laugh about it. Memories are fun, every memory that I have, I laugh when remebered. One time me and @PERSON2 were hanging out with some cool people, and then we left and went to this girls house, and there we turned the music up all the way and just danced for like a hour, we have a video of it. That was really funny. In the video I'm mostly just laughing. 
