 Laughter is a Element of @CAPS1  Laughter is a huge element of @CAPS1, without laughter @CAPS1 wouldn't be what it is today. Laughing is actually a element of why I am in my relationship with my boyfriend as of right now. I also believe "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" Someone once said. Laughter also breaks the ice with people either when their mad, sad, or just meeting the person. Also laughter can bring two people very close together. Here is a true story about how laughter is a element of @CAPS1. One day while I was with my best friend @PERSON1, we met up with her cousin @CAPS2 friend's @PERSON2 and @PERSON3. @PERSON2 and I started talking and hanging out a lot that night. I'm a very shy person but he kept making me laugh. This is no love story but he making me laugh broke the wall I had put up because I was shy and very uncomfortable. The more we laughed together the more closer i felt to him and comfortable I was around him. Eventually we started dating. Too this day we are still together and we have a very strong relationship because of laughter, if it wasn't for the laughter @PERSON2 and I would not be as close as we are now. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I believe that because laughter gives you that feeling of security, like the sense that it is okay to be your self around strangers. Laughing makes you feel warm and invited to have fun. Makes you feel like at this moment your bonding with this person. It doesn't make you feel uncomfortable when using laughter for the right reason, for example breaking the ice with someone or just meeting someone that can bring them closer. Breaking the ice with laughter. Meeting someone for the first time can be very uncomfortable for some people making conversation and laughing could do that trick to make them feel not so shy and set back to talking. When I first meet people I am very shy until someone makes me laugh then I am very comfortable. Sometimes making people laugh when they are sad or mad could also bring you very close with someone. But laughter could always push you away from someone. When I was upset about me and my ex fiance breaking up for the first time after year and a half no one for a day or two could make me happy. My best friend @PERSON1 brought me out to the state fair, being on the rides and laughing with her, brought her and I closer also I was not mad anymore. She broke that anger and hurt inside of me just by laughing. A huge element of @CAPS1 is laughter, there is no doubt about that. Depending on the persons perspective laughing @MONTH1 not be a element of @CAPS1 to them but to me it is. With out the feeling of security when laughing with @PERSON2 we wouldn't be as close as we are now. With out laughter @PERSON1 and I wouldn't feel as warm and comfortable as we are together. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Someone once said. @CAPS1 would be a whole lot different without this element of laughter. 
