 You know when you're talking to a friend and they tell a hilarious story about that one time @DATE1 when they spilt soda all over the person next to them at the neighborhood barbecue, or they tripped in front of an entire classroom full of people on the first day of school? And then you think its so funny that you laugh so hard you cry? I remember days like those, you always tend to feel better when you laugh. When friends hang out laughter is usually involved. To be able to joke around with someone and be able to laugh you usually need to be comfortable to be able to find something funny. Laughter brings people together even on the worst days.  Everyone has those awkward times when you're talking to someone who you aren't having the best of relationship with but yet you have to make due and try to make it less awkward. There's also the random joke when someones upset to try to lighten the mood. When you get someone to laugh its so much less awkward because then you know they are in a somewhat of a good mood and its easier to talk with less tension. I've had plenty of days when I've gotten into a fight with a friend and I've had to talk to them for class or they insisted on talking. It's just like they just keep talking or just listening to you and you don't know what they are thinking or if they are judging you as you speak. But you know they aren't when you can get them to laugh because then they aren't really thinking badly of you. It also helps the tension. There's also the time when one of your friends is crying over something which makes you want to cheer them up or let them talk to you. Sure there's still tension cause of the fact that they are crying but joking about it or trying to get them to smile or laugh does help distract them and get them in a better mood. It's said that "Laughter is the shortest distant between two people." and I think that's true because when you joke with someone you learn more about them and they are more comfortable to open up with you. Also if you can have a good laugh with someone they are more likely to become a friend of yours since you know how to make them laugh and it's fun to talk to you. The more you and a friend can joke and laugh together the more close you usually tend to get with them cause you enjoy spending time with them and you're more comfortable with them and you know them better. And also when you can joke freely with someone you can usually also talk freely to them about anything and you know they'll be there for you when you need a good joke or someone to talk to. I know that I personally love to hear funny stories, I never really have many of my own that I remember. I love hearing jokes and laughing with my friends. It always brightens your day to have a good laugh with someone you know. But most people tend to giggle or smile when uncomfortable too. You know those times when someones having an awkward conversation with you and they ask a question you don't want to answer or don't know how to answer and all you cam do is giggle and smile when they look at you expecting to answer. Or when you have to talk to someone you don't know and you just laugh and keep messing up your sentences cause you don't want to mess up. I don't know if laughing when you're uncomfortable is just a way to make it less awkward or because you're too confused on what else to do. Sometimes when you get awkward and laugh it can make it even more awkward when they just find it weird and sometimes it helps when they then joke with you or just keep the conversation going and make it less awkward.  Even when you know someone you can still have those awkward conversations or those moments of laughing so hard you cry. It is also said that's "Laughter is the greatest medicine." I also agree with that because when you laugh you always tend to be in a greater mood and when you're in a better mood you tend to feel better in any way and you also tend to be more positive about things. Laughter brings people together in awkward, sad, good, or just normal conversations. The better you can relate to someone, the more you guys can joke together, the more comfortable you are with that person. Your day is always brightened when you share a good laugh with a friend, a classmate, a parent, anyone, even a stranger. It always helps lighten your mood even on the most stressful depressing days.
