     Every one laughs, i love to laugh in fact that's one of my favorite things to do. If your in a bad mood or just cant get happy, laugh at things cause i am sure it will lighten up your mood and i will tell you what, its also very good for you in many ways. If people didn't laugh then this world world would be a very depressing, you smile at someone who isn't the happiest could totally change their mood. So as i have told you before i am a very happy and energetic person and laughing is what i do best,and i smile at everyone around me. well i have a story for you, i like to volunteer at homeless shelters and old folks home cause i believe i should share my happiness with everyone else around me it makes my soul feel good to help people out. This one after noon i was doing what i do best laughing and having a good time at the old folks home making people smile, they all love having me around cause they say i cheer them up. I run around room to room bringing in vases of flowers opening their curtains to let the beautiful sunshine in, i always told them vitamin @CAPS1 is good to warm up the soul. There was this one man there who had never have a smile on his face and i did the same to him as i did to the other residents and no matter what i did he would never smile. When ever i came in he was always gazing out the window with a dead look on his face, so i had ask the nurses why he was so grumpy and quiet and they had told me he was a veteran. He didn't have much family from what i understood, or well at least they didn't visit him much they just dropped him off cause they didn't want to deal with the grumpiness any more. but i have a heart of gold and i feel like i should share. I had decided one day that i was going to turn that frown on his cute little face upside down, and make him feel happy and smile and interact with the other residents. So as usual i went in and did my daily routine to all the other rooms, we talked did some laughing and all sorts of stuff. I had saved the little old man for last i wasn't sure what his name was or what the what his whole background was like but i was going to go for it! I went in and he was staring out the window as usual, i hesitated for a minute cause i didn't know how he would react. So i went up and started talking to him, i introduced m self but he didn't seem to pleased. I asked him his name and he told me it was none of my business and that totally shot me down made me feel like i was the bad guy. So i started talking to him and asked him about his life, he had slowly opened up to and told me about all the stuff he had seen in the @LOCATION1 war. He turned out to be a nice guy, all those nurses were wrong about him they didn't even try. We laughed for hours me and him, and it didn't get old. Ever since i talked to him he has been progressively started interacting with the others, they just didn't give him the time of day to explain his feelings or someone to talk to. So think about it next time your going to the store and you see someone who doesn't look like they're having the best day, and shot them a smile!!! :)
