 We all understand the benefits of laughter. Laughter is definitely the most important part of my best friends and I relationship. Without laughter, we couldn't possibly have as much fun together as we do. If I am having a bad day, I can always count on my best friend to make me crack up, and forget about the day I have had. If we are out and about, or just relaxing at home, my best friend and I are always laughing. The end result is usually us both with tear streaked faces from laughing so hard. There are actually quite a few different instances in which I remember laughing particularity hard. This last @CAPS1 @CAPS2's eve for example, it started snowing at around three a.m, so my best friend and I ran outside screaming at the top of our lungs. Snowballs started coming from every direction. During a game of hide and go seek, we decided to bury ourselves in a snow covered leaf pile. Within ten minutes, our legs were freezing. So what did we do? We put on our swim suits and jumped into the bath tub together. Having her there to laugh with me, made the situation a lot better.  Another situation in which I remember being particularly funny, was the entire third trimester of freshman @CAPS2. I needed a first period class and the only thing open was intro to manufacturing. I definitely was not looking forward to it, until I found out that my best friend had it with me. We made a bad situation a lot better by laughing at every single stupid mistake we made. Since we are not exactly experienced in the field of metal, there were quite a few mistakes. With out my best friend there to laugh with me, I have no idea what I would have done. I believe that whenever I am in a bad situation, laughter will always help me. One last situation in which laughter helped a lot, is when I used it to cheer up my best friend. A couple of days ago, my friend had, had a really bad day. Things just weren't going her way. After school I could tell something was wrong. I tried talking to her about it, but that wasn't really helping. So, I brought up some of our past experiences together. Within a few minutes she was laughing and I could tell she felt a lot better. Laughter really does help us out of some tough situations. Laughter is by far the most important factor in my best friends and I relationship. Our relationship is mainly based on laughter. Without it, we just wouldn't be as close as we are today. If we need it to cheer each other up, or cure boredom, I know that laughter will always be on our side. 
