 My alarm went on at @TIME1. It was another normal @DATE1 for all of my friends, but a big day for me. It was time to get up, eat breakfast, brush my teeth, put the last couple things in my suitcase, and head to the airport. For the @CAPS1 time I was going to fly on a plane across the ocean, and it was the last day with my family in @LOCATION3 for a whole year. The next time I'll wake up will be in a totally different place, country, and family, where I have never been before. It will be a new start for me and my life won't be the same anymore. I will be an exchange student on a high school in the @LOCATION1. After changing planes @NUM1 times and @NUM2 hours of traveling, I was finally at the airport in @LOCATION2, where my host parents were waiting for me with a big sign which said my name on it. I was very happy and excited that I finally arrived, but primarily I was really tired. We took off and headed "home". My new home was a little green house on a small ranch in the high desert of @LOCATION4, @NUM3 minutes out of town, and without public transportations. Due to the hot temperatures and the dry air I was very tired the @CAPS1 weeks. Adjusting myself took me about a month. Before school started, I visited my new high school and met the school principle. I also got my schedule and signed up for the soccer team, which had their @CAPS1 meeting the following @DATE2. It was good to see kids that will be on my school and in my classes.  Finally my @CAPS1 day of high school was coming up. It was exciting for me, but I couldn't hide that I was very nervous. After a one hour drive to the school I got off the school bus and walked into the building. It felt like thousands of people were in the hallway looking at me. I walked faster. I was hoping my @CAPS1 day would start out good. Finally, I reached my locker, and pulled out the little peace of paper with my locker combination on it out and tried to open it. Even though, I did it @NUM1 times my locker won't open.  "@CAPS1 spin it @NUM1 times right, go to the @CAPS1 number, go left, pass the second number once...", I was whispering to myself. The bell already rang, and thankfully a friend that I knew from soccer stopped by and asked me if I needed help. We both started laughing and I was so glad she helped me out or I would have been late to class on my @CAPS1 day. For the next couple times I needed her help again, until I figured out how to open my locker three days later.  Being open-minded, being friendly and smile are three things that are very important in life. Besides that another very important one for me is also to laugh about mistakes I make. More than anything else, coming to a new culture, land and meeting new people gave me a lot of experience for my life. Especially learning how to laugh about mistakes or situations to not get frustrated. Getting frustrated would have made my time harder and not as enjoyable. Laughing makes it easier for me to learn from mistakes I made and to move on. My mom once told me to be courageous to make mistakes, and I don't regret any mistake I made.
