 Laughter is one of the most impotent things in life to have around. even if from a simple joke to something that was unbelievable that hap-end to make a grate event in time to share on in history of family members. This helps you threw hard times or just makes somebody day better for them and puts a smile on there face, or gives them a joke to say to somebody else to continue a chain of laughter thew people. Sometimes it can be the most embarrassing thing that people remember about u but in the end the other person that laughs at you for your indecent probably did something like that a long time a go so in the end there laughing at them selves to and don't even realize it. I remember on my fifteenth birthday my grandma toke the hole family out to dinner at a chines restaurant. It was quiet except for the adults discussing what they should order form the family meals. I was siting by me sister looking at a menu just to see what they had to drink, well her mined was on other things because out of no were all u heard was "they have no fricken chicken". Every one busted up laughing at her even the waitresses son that was standing behind the both and his mother. It made every ones day because it wasn't the best of days at the time. But u could tell she was embarrassed but laughed at her self to her comment to the table was "i thought i said it in my head", i looked at here and said "no u didn't" so she just shrugged about it.  To this day when ever we go to a chines restaurant my mom looks at here and "says they got your fricken chicken"so she looks at here and "says will that ever die"we all looked at here and said" no its going to be passed down to your children they'll here about there mothers fricken chicken day".It was that bad of a indecent that she gets up set that it wont go away but it still gives every one else a laugh. even though it was so long ago that it happened are parents joke that its going to be her wedding toast it went kinda like this" as long as you give her, her fricken chicken you @CAPS1 will last forever" it was not the nicest of comments to be said about that day but it was still funny to the rest of us. this is something that will last in the family for years to come ,and hopefully will be passed down in the generations to come.Even if she doesn't want it to be just think in time ens-ted of us telling every one about the incident she will tell them her self and just laugh about it because it was just that much of an out off nowhere thing to happen. We still pick on her about it and many other things she says out loud with out noticing she says them. But those are story's for another time and day you never know what could happen. just remember to laugh its true what they say its healthy for you so make the best of some of the worst days possible.  So if your having a not so good of a day,u never know what could happen to give u a smile and a laugh even if your the one that makes every one laugh. So just think of something that makes u laugh and tell the people that are special in your life about it to give them a laugh and make there day a little better then most.Even if its one of the most embarrassing events to happen to you in your life time. When we all were little and crying that was always the cure for some of the worst things even though u grow up it docent mean u cant laugh or that it means different things then it used to, when your down u need to laugh to feel better about your self don't let people put you down.
