Warm @CAPS1 Laughter @MONTH1 be the best medicine, but it @MONTH1 also be the best glue. When one laughs, especially with another, it brings a sense of relaxation and happiness. Laughter is a release of amusement, and that literally means "not thinking". In this moment, people open themselves up and it brings a warm feeling of the heart that is shared between each other. Without this connection or ability to jest, people begin to think too much and become overly critical about relationships. To flirt is to make fun or light of a situation, the point of this is to put people at ease so they @MONTH1 open up. Flirting can consist of many things, such as joking, impressing, or complementing; usually this leads to laughing or excessive giggling. When this warming connection begins, so does the bond between the people, such as it was with my own girlfriend. I just came off the back end of a hurtful experience with another girl, so I had become tough at heart. I was a bit of a nervous kid, so when she started to be pleasant and kind to me, I started to grow out of my shell and laugh with her. Our first date was to see some silly yo-yo man who had come to their church. It was a great way to start off what we have been building now for two years, as well as comfortable setting to meet the parents.   Sometimes the key to opening up, or bonding, is to make a fool of oneself. It's hard to laugh with someone who is being prideful or too analytical; laughter is a crucial mental break from routine thinking. Being a dork @MONTH1 just be the best way to be in a healthy relationship. My relationship is very well balanced between supporting each other, being critical, and being idiots. I take sacrifices to make her laugh, and she does the same for me, but mostly this results in both of us being profusely happy and laughing together. Being a man is not the same as being stubborn or powerful, I feel it's more about being open and compassionate. To be open enough to have someone to laugh with, one has to be able to laugh at themselves. Laughter is an @CAPS2, a socially transforming device, and it spreads rapidly.  The same goes for a simple social gathering. Does anyone become the "life of the party" without laughing at themselves? They are typically the ones going out of their way to be ridiculous for everyone else to see, because once it starts, it spreads exponentially. Being comfortable is the foundation of having a good time, otherwise people are acting paranoid, refuse to participate, and downright seem cold. Laughter's bright tone is a good way to get people comfortable and relaxed. Think of people as @CAPS1. @CAPS1 is difficult to pour and spread around when it's cold, it's thick and condensed. You can't do much with cold @CAPS1, so you have to warm it up. One can't heat @CAPS1 up in a flash or else it could become tasteless, but once it is gradually heated it becomes easy to spread and very useful. This warm @CAPS1 is quick to mix with about anything and sticks to things all the same. My relationship has been sticky, sweet, and warming beyond compare, but nothing without a little work, or a little laughter.  
