 Laughter in someones life is very important for many different reasons. You can get to know someone by what they think is funny, show emotion and become closer to others by simply laughing together. The memories that are the clearest to anyone or are most personal might have laughter in them. These are also the memories that people would want to remember vividly. I think the quote "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." is extremely accurate for most. I have many memories of laughter with my friends, family and loved ones around me. I will never forget some stories I have had in life because of all the laughter in them. When I was about six and my brother was about nine we didn't always get along, being the typical brother and sister that we were. We both had very outgoing personalities and had to be doing something at all times. When we did get along we usually had so much fun, ended up rolling around laughing together, and forgetting that we were ever mad at each other. Some of the things we would do would be to play hide and seek inside and outside our house, tag, bored games, and our favorite thing of all was tickle monster. Sometimes our closest friends would play with us but it was usually just something my family did. Most of the time me and my brother would ask my dad to play with us because playing games with two people wasn't very fun at the time. He usually agreed because he enjoyed watching us laugh together and create new memories and stories. When the three of us got together and played games I felt like I was on top of the world and I was really happy at that point in my life. My favorite time that I can think of playing games with them was when we started off by playing hide and seek in our house. Me and my brother usually crammed into little spaces like under the sink, under beds and in closets. We couldn't fit in them for very long because they were very hard to get into even for a little kid. My dad being a lot bigger than us kids would always hide in the shower or behind doors. He was really easy to find but we still found it really fun and laughed every time we found him. One of the times when it was his turn to hide me and my brother went to my room to count to any number we felt like. We were inpatient little kids so we didn't usually count all the way to the number my dad told us to. Then we ran down our stairs, turned the corner, ran down the hall and found him hiding behind the bathroom door. You could always tell if he was there or not because if he was the door wouldn't open all the way. Instead of coming out of hiding when we found him and counting for us while we hid, he started to chase us around the house. We weren't expecting it at all so we were laughing and running and it was hard to breath. Eventually he caught up to us and our game of hide and seek turned into the best game of tickle monster ever! My brother thought we should hide under my parents blanket on their bed but that just made us an easier target for my dad the tickle monster.  By the time he was done tickling us, our faces were red, we were out of breath, tired and had the biggest smiles on our faces from laughing. Trying to breath, trying to get away and laugh all at the same time really tired us out. My dad eventually got us out to the table where we had our lunch and then we all fell asleep with our belly's full and as happy as could be.  That was a really fun memory I have with lots of laughter and good times. To me, laughing is a big part of getting to know someone and strengthening already existing relationships. It puts everyone in a good mood and keeps people happy.
