 Laughter can be a very important thing in everyones life because, its something that can help you in many ways. As far as I remeber laughter has helped me get thru alot of emotional problems that I would have with alot of my ex boyfriends. One day my mom saw me crying because my ex had broken up with me and I got really upset so the only thing my mom said to me was that "laughter was the best medican"at that point I didn't understand what she was trying to say, but now that im getting older I start to realize what she ment with that is that being bummbed about something like that is just useless, and that I had to live my life to the fullest because I was to young to cry over someone who I jst had a simple crush on and she was totally right about that. But then again its not only for boyfriend and girlfriend thing it's also to keep a healthy friendship with your friends Laughter is a way to show how you feel inside. Even when I dont feel like laughing I still do because thats a way to show people that im a strong and independent girl who knows how to take care of herself and live her life. I also try to make the people around me laugh and just have a good time when we hang out because they create the best memories. I'm accually surprised in how much a simple laugh or smile can make someone feel better and sometimes one person can make another one smile just by simply laughing at the most siplest things.   In the other hand there are people who fake laugh meaning that they just laugh but its not that they are laughin because they think yewr funny they are laughin becasue they think yewr acting dumb. But the truth is that sometimes its hard to see whose the real people from the fake because there are many people who fake laugh just to pretend that they like you when they really dont and i truly think thats dumb because you end up beliving that they are your friends when all they do is laugh behind your back. But i dont let that get to me because those kind of people are the kind that its not even worth to take your time with .When i make the people that i care about smile and just have a good time also makes me happy because it makes me feel like i've made a difference in that certain persons day, i kno i cant change their life but I can always try to make their day a little easier by just making them laugh. My little three month old sister is always laughin, always cracking up for no apperant reason and its kinda funny to watch becasue when she laughs I laugh to, thats kinda what I ment to say when i say that a simple smile or laugh from one person to another can make a difference. i mean shes only three months ans shes always happy and always has a smile on her face for no reason, sometimes without knowing shemakes my day even better when she starts laughing out of the blue which i think its somewhat cute.  My mom sometimes tries to make laugh because she knows that I sometimes have bad days at school and she tries her best to make me laugh because when i laugh it makes me forget about al my problems and everything, but i know that laughin cant always be all good, for excample laughin at other peoples pain is just bad and thats something that isnt funny and people do laugh at other people which can really hurt someone. Meaning in many ways laughin can be good or bad but that also depends in the person who is laughin..
