 Laughter is one of the most amazing things that the human body is able to do. The sound of laughter is as unique as the sound of crying. There are many things that can cause people to laugh. And once you start laughing, you can't stop. Laughter is caused by something that is humorous, so it's mostly the cause of laughter that makes it so much more fun. And it usually depends on who you are with, where you are, and in what kind of situation you're in before you can actually start laughing. Kind of like the time when I was in @LOCATION2 baking a pie with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2.....  It was a nice warm evening in @LOCATION2, and I was making a pie with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2. We had out all the ingredients necessary to make the pie until my @CAPS1 points out there's no more sugar. She tells me to go to the covers and grab a jar of sugar. So I went, and there were two jars when I opened the covers I asked her which of the two jars is the sugar because they had no lables on them. "I think its the the jar on the left", she said. I grab the jar on the left side without another word.  Later on while everyone was sitting down talking with one another, my @CAPS1 and I go and get the pie to serve to the family. They all looked at the pie in awe as we took it out and started slicing it. After everyone was served they all took a bite out of it. Imidiately in just seconds everybody starts spitting it out like it was the worst thing that they have ever put in there mouths'. Suddenly my @LOCATION1 makes a comment saying that the pie is too salty..... not exactly the kind of comment I was expecting. Then my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 goes and checks to see the jar that I had grabbed from the covers. She sticks her finger in the jar and tastes it. Luckily enough, it was the salt jar. Then out of no where everyone starts to laugh into tears at the thought of what just happened. It was the most fun I had that evening, nobody could stop laughing. Clearly, the situation with the pie was something that I will surely never forget, and it'll probably never happen again. And after all that happend with the pie ended up being the kind of situation that makes you laugh. This shows that the three causes of laughter is real. First, I was with my @CAPS1. Secondly, I was in my @LOCATION1's house where there has to be at least one funny thing that can happen there. And also what happened with the salt and the sugar was a completely unexpected situation that turned out to be unmistakeably hilarious. And to think that this event happened all because of the three main causes of laughter. Laughter is one of the most amazing things that the human body is able to do. Laughter will always be one of those things in life that cannot ever be destroyed. If you are a person who says that they've never laughed, then you are a liar and a hypocrite. Being able to laugh is good for you and your health. It gives you extra oxygen in your lungs to help you breathe easier and it's a lot of fun. So if you ever notice that you haven't laughed, stop imidiately and take the time to have a laugh.  
