 After a long day at the @ORGANIZATION1 mom said it was my turn to decide where we went to dinner that night. I chose @CAPS1 @CAPS2 because I love their seafood. We got @CAPS6 legs, popcorn shrimp, and coconut battered shrimp. After the food we got two slices of double chocolate lava cake. For some reason it sent us into a fit of laughter. We laughed so hard, we started to cry. We had just finished going clothes shopping at the @ORGANIZATION1 and mom said that I could pick where we went out to eat. My brother started whining about it but mom said it was fair because he got to choose last time. I chose @CAPS1 @CAPS2 which is what my brother said he would have picked anyway. I picked that restaurant for two reasons, first because it was close to the @ORGANIZATION1, and second because I love seafood. Mom didn't have a lot of money so she said we should all share a few things instead for everybody getting their own. We bought two pounds @CAPS5 @CAPS6 legs, and order of popcorn shrimp, and coconut battered shrimp (mainly for herself). I'm kind of glad we all shared because it was cheaper and it was just the right amount of food so we didn't have to take home boxes. We never eat leftovers anyway. After our dinner my brother and I begged our mother to buy a dessert. after much thought and convincing she said alright and ordered two slices of the best cake I've ever tasted in my entire life!It was so rich my mom and I could barley finish our slice. My brother gulped his down with ease. After we were done the waiter came by and replaced our plates with the tab.  We all glanced at it and decided not to get dessert again(which never actually happened). Then mom got a bad case of the giggles. Shortly after my brother and i caught the giggles like a disease. Giggles turned into laughter and the laughter became hysterical. We couldn't seem to figure out what was so funny or how it happened. People were starting to stare at us but we still couldn't contain ourselves. Pretty soon our eyes started to water and then there were tears. Tears of joy I'd assume but I new one thing for sure, we had to get out of there. Mom managed to pay the tab just fine, but as soon as she got in the car and herd me and my brother laughing, she started busting up again! She was absolutely convinced it was the cake. she said there is no other reasonable explanation that we would laugh and laugh about nothing. Now I believe that statement because we've tried every other dessert and none of them had the same effect on us. We go back whenever we know we can afford dessert and want to have a nice long laugh. I guess its not just the seafood that I like. I rather enjoy the cake too. We call it the double chocolate laugh cake.
