 We all know the benefits of laughter. Many people believe that laughter is an important part of any relationship. Is there anything more to laughter? Can one person be happy without laughing? I have never gone a day without laughing. I know the benefits of laughter. Do you? I know the benefits of laughter. Its truly amazing how something so simple can bring people together, make friends and fix relationships, or make someones day a little better if they are having a rough time. There was a time in ninth grade when my best friend and I got into an argument because I didn't ask him to be on our basketball team for a tournament that happened once a year. After talking it out, and my best friend cracking a few jokes, it had fixed everything. My point is that laughing can release tension, not make everything so serious. Laughing can help you make friends too. Around the world, simple laughter can bring two or more people together. What about enemies? Laughter could possibly show you something you like in that person your not too fond of. Laughter happens to be great for health too, and its a proven fact. What happens when you are really stressed about a test you had recently taken or something different? There are a lot of ways to handle stress, but a really good technique is simply laughter. Try going onto the internet to find something funny that will make you laugh, go hangout with a friend or group of friends, or go and find something else that might have you laugh a little. A famous @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 always gets nervous before one of his shows, and it just so happens that laughter is something he uses to shake off his butterflies. Its quite amazing how laughter can help you in many situations.  Do you ever find yourself feeling down or stressed? Have you had a good laugh recently? Laughing will probably help. If you are having trouble bonding with a friend or simply having a bad day laughter will be a great cure. Laughter is great for your health, and laughter has helped me in my life so far. and whether you realize it or not laughter helps you to. Your laughter can help others too! Next time you feel down or need something to lift your spirits have some fun with friends or do something you enjoy that might give you a good laugh.
