                                        A day with the family  One day my cousin, her husband, my mom, my dad and i had gone out to eat at @ORGANIZATION2 for breakfast. They had all grown up together, and telling stories about the old days made them all want to hangout more often. They always had @CAPS2 much fun together. I grew up with my cousins around a lot of the time. We would always hangout. We started talking about all the crazy times we have had, and it was nice to hear abut the old days. We were just laughing up a storm. All a sudden out of @CAPS1 where my cousin @PERSON1 farts. All of us start busting up laughing. @PERSON1 continues to fart while she is uncontrollably laughing. @CAPS2 many people were looking at us in the restaurant. Here was a group of people all laughing, and one of them cannot stop farting. The laughing got louder as well as the farting. my mother could not take it anymore. She took one of the salt shakers and started pounding it on the table. She wanted to drowned out the sound of @LOCATION1's farts. @PERSON1 was beat red. We were all laughing @CAPS2 hard we started crying. We were almost to the point were we were going to pee ourselves. @PERSON1 could not hold it any longer. She finally stopped farting, but now she had to pee @CAPS2 bad she could not even walk. When she got up to go to the bathroom she had to walked there cross legged, and very slowing. All the way there she was still laughing, and we were also laughing. We had fun watching her have to stop every @CAPS2 often @CAPS2 she would not pee on herself. One time that she had stop it was right on these two guys chairs. She just stood there laughing cross legged over these two guys trying her best not to pee. The guys did not really do anything they just sat there waiting for her to go away. We could tell they were very uncomfortable though. I told my mom "I would be uncomfortable to if i had some random girl bent over me laughing, and trying not to pee. I'm surprised they did not move. i would have".  Finally @PERSON1 got to the bathroom. Those two guys had left, and when she came out she was glad to see them gone. When we saw her we could not help but laugh. She laughed with us @CAPS2 we did not feel bad about laughing. People were still looking at us, and @PERSON1 was still blushing. She wanted to go @CAPS2 we left and talked about it the whole way home. They were coming over to our house to play bored games. When we got home my brother joined us in a game of gestures. this game is kinda like sherades. We got into teams. I was on @ORGANIZATION1 and my brothers team. My brother went first. He started melting to the ground. I shout out "wicked witch of the west"! He frowns at me and says, "@CAPS1, watch before you shout things out." @CAPS2 i sat there and watched. He did his whole melting thing again,but when he got to the floor he started rolling and jerking around. I was @CAPS2 confused. My cousins shouts out "poop"! My brother yells "@CAPS3, why would anyone want to be poop"! We all start laughing,and he just tells us what he is. He was a waterfall.  It was my turn to go, and i got horse. I did not want to be a horse. I did not even know how to be a horse without making sound. I went up there and started hoping around like and idiot. I felt @CAPS2 dumb. My team mates made me feel even worse because they could not guess what i was for the life of them. The buzzer rang and we lost the game by two points. My brother hates to lose. He got really mad, and ran up the stairs. On his way up there he trips on his face, and falls down the stairs. We all started laughing, and that made my brother even more mad. He went up the stairs again without falling this time, and stayed in his room the rest of the @TIME1.  The rest of us stayed downstairs, and played more games. It was a really fun day. I got to hangout with the family, and get a great laugh. hanging out with the family is something everyone should love. It is one of those things that just make you feel good. 
