                               Trippin' on fences I am @NUM1 years young, and in those short @NUM1 years, all I can ever remember, is laughing hysterically. Whether it was about something stupid I did, or my best friend doing something stupid, or most of the time when we got together and did something outrageous. Someone once said "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". With my best friend @ORGANIZATION2 and I, that's exactly the case. I always get a good ab workout whenever I'm with her, because I'm always bursting with laughter. It was my @NUM3 grade year at @ORGANIZATION1 here in @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION3. I was hanging out with my best friend @ORGANIZATION2 during our lunch break outside. I was showing her my new jeans I'd just gotten the day before, at @LOCATION2. I was also telling her about a note that had been passed to me, by a boy who had apparently had a crush on me for sometime, this boy had also asked me out on the note. @ORGANIZATION2 had asked me if she could see it, when I handed it over to her, all of a sudden, she chucked the note over the fence. Clearly, the guy didn't have @ORGANIZATION2's approval. I couldn't just leave the guy hanging without an answer, especially when at the time, I liked him back. I begged @ORGANIZATION2 to give me my note back, but she refused. What was I supposed to do, just let an unanswered note lay on the other side of the fence? No. The only solution was to hop over the fence and grab it. So I, in my new jeans might I add, practically straddled the fence, and ripped a big hole on the inner side of my thigh, in my brand new jeans. I was so mad. I grabbed the note, and climbed back over the fence in my new and improved hobo jeans. On my way back over, I lost my balance, and fell of the fence. I ended up losing the note again and planting head first into a pile of mud and pine cones.  What an idiot I was, I'd climbed over that stupid fence, ripped my jeans, biffed it and lost my balance, and lost it again. I was so frustrated with myself, I started laughing. I'm not sure if it was because I was embarrassed or what, but I randomly started cracking up. Then @ORGANIZATION2 started laughing, and when she laughs I laugh, because her laughter is so contagious. Pretty soon, we were both hysterically laughing like a couple of dorks. "Laughter really was the shortest distance between two people" that day. Even though I probably should have been mad.... But why do that when @CAPS1 can just laugh about it? That's what life is all about, living. With this silly but funny memory, it'll stay with me forever. Especially now that @ORGANIZATION2 has moved away. It @MONTH1 seem stupid, but it was funny to us. I guess it really was one of those "@CAPS1 had to be there" kind of moments. But it reminds me of the good old days with @ORGANIZATION2. It's good to have memories filled with laughter. If @CAPS1 don't, your life can almost feel dull without it. Even if @CAPS1 laugh at just the smallest things in life. That's why to me anyways, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people".
