 My friend @PERSON1 and I have @CAPS1 friends from as back as sixth grade. We have @CAPS1 through so much together. Even though we don't have everything in common and we don't hang out, out side of school together, we have a lot of laughter in our friendship. I say that if you are gonna have a friendship that is gonna last, you have to have laughter in it to make it a fun friendship. When @PERSON1 and I where in @NUM1 grade, we where the biggest people to the sixth graders because we where in the highest grade in our middle school. We would have so much stuff to do. @PERSON1 and I would always walk down the hallways linking our arms together and one moment after another she would just push me into someone. That someone would plow into a locker or wall and we would just laugh are butts off. It was fun to us but the other people kinda minded, but not that bad.  Another thing we would do to make our self laugh would be when @PERSON1 and I would have big tickle fights. It would always start with one of us trying to stick something in each others mouths. I would always try to stick a piece of paper in her mouth and to get me to stop, @PERSON1 would tickle me. @PERSON1 new that I'm like the ticklish person on the face of the planet. One time that happened was when we where in front of the office at our school. We tickled and tickled each other till we where laughing our butts off on the flour. Well a teacher came and told us to stop and then the bell rang and so we just went to our classes. Well @PERSON1 was the office aid and so when she went to the office, apparently one of the office people saw us tickling each other and thought we where going out. @PERSON1 told me that she just said "@CAPS3" and started to chuckle. I got a big laugh out of that. Laughter is a vary good thing to me because without it, @PERSON1 and I wouldn't be best friends as we are today in @NUM2 grade. You see, our friendship all started off of laughter. I met @PERSON1 in the sixth grade @CAPS4 class. Our teacher had assigned seats and @PERSON1 and I and two other people had to sit together. I had no idea who she was at the time. We ended up saying something and laughing about it and soon enough she introduced her self and so did I. Well the seating arrangement changed and she sat somewhere ells and so did I. Well the person she sat by moved away. I had a bad grade in @CAPS4 class and I told my teacher I wasn't getting along with the people at my table and asked if I could sit somewhere ells. He told me yes and so I went over and asked @PERSON1 if I could sit in the empty chair that the guy used to sit in before he moved away. She told me that she didn't care and so then on out we started hanging in school together and had so much fun.  So you see. Laughter is a grate deal in a lot of peoples life's. You need it. Without it I would of never made my best friend who I have today. I have her to thank for getting me through my tough years. Without the laughter in this world we would be lost probably. Just think about what you might not have or what you might be missing if you didn't have laughter in your life.
