 The laughter in me.  To me all you need to do to get through a tough and horrible day is a good @CAPS5. It gives you hope throughout the day, and no matter what kind of mood your in, when leaving to work, going to school, or really any activity that involves a "sigh" moment. For me I get that feeling about school, but I can always count on my best friend, @PERSON1. Everyday she manages to say something totally off topic and we'd end up dying of laughter at the top of the stairs near the science labs were we eat lunch. As people walk by they give us weird looks, we don't care because we understand each other. To me @CAPS9 is my way of reliving stress.My @CAPS1 agrees with me her name is @CAPS2 I call her @ORGANIZATION1. We've been best friends since the second grade. She is my rock. She inspires me to do something with my life, something more than working at some fast food restaurant. I hang out a lot at her at her house and we share so many great and fun memories. Its really bad when we are around each other, its like one look at each other and boom!, I'm on the floor not breathing because I'm dying of laughter. I don't know what it is but, its like when we see each other its a rush off all the good times we've spent coming together all at once. Sometimes we @CAPS5 hysterically over nothing. I doesn't make sense but I guess that doesn't matter when your hanging with your best bud.  Laughter is an important part of my relationship with anyone. Its shows me how fun a person can be and if the have a sense of humor. It shows me that they can smile and not some stuck up want to be perfect robot. All @PERSON1 and I talk about is boys and boy problems and it makes me @CAPS5 and giggle, but when we are in our fifth period class forestry and fire we are like caged monkeys in a zoo. It's like we are magically "high," all of a sudden have this out burst of energy. We sit next to sit side by side to one another and we tickle each other and @CAPS5 really loud. By the end of class I make a paper ball and we play paper soccer ball its fun especially when the teacher gives you dirty looks and tells you to stop and you don't do it. Lets just say that her face turns a very bright red color.Nothing compares to how much I @CAPS5 when I'm with @ORGANIZATION1. When I used to go to @CAPS3 I had three classes with her @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION2, and @CAPS4. We also had lunch together, but anyway as I was saying, I swear we had a not stop @CAPS9 war everyday. My @CAPS5 is more like a cackle mixed with giggling. Some people like, some thinks its cute, others think I @CAPS5 funny( The weird kind of funny). In @ORGANIZATION2 she'd stand next to me and she'd look at me weird, or said something that didn't come out right, or sang obnoxiously, anything she did cracked me up it was so distracted when she was around but so much fun. I swear I got all of my exercise from @CAPS9 with her. At home when my family is all together, are way of laughter is mostly picking on one another. It's different than laughter with your friends. We make fun of how my sister @CAPS6 was supposed to be a boy because everybody thought she was going to be a boy when she was in our mothers stomach. We made fun of my brother for being the only boy out of five kids. We make fun of my sister @PERSON2 for being the shortest one in our family. I can feel the difference between laughter. It's mostly criticism really.I @CAPS5 mostly because I feel more alive it gives me something to live for everyday in stead of "@CAPS7 great, another day to try to get through, @CAPS8...no." @CAPS9 for me gets me motivated for the day it's like my drug to get through life. It gives me an easy way in to communicate with others. I thank @CAPS10 for giving us the ability to @CAPS5 because without it I would lose my mind and have a hard time making friends. "That's how I make friends I @CAPS5."  
