 I slowly got up and watched as paint dripped off my face, my hair and clothes. A trail of paint followed me as I tried to hop from one clear spot on the floor to the next, but there weren't many clear spots. All that I could think of, was if I was going to make @CAPS5 to high school, or not. Trying my hardest not to get anymore paint on the ground, I opened the door carefully, and called out. "@CAPS1...Hey mom?" I yelled half-halfheartedly, as I glanced back at the "painted" room.  "@CAPS2?" she hollered back up the stairs.My mouth wouldn't open, I was afraid to answer. I've messed up millions of times, but none have been this bad.  "@CAPS3, you see... I've had a paint withdraw from the paint pan." I replied softly, hoping she would not hear me.  "A paint withdraw?" she asked in a confused tone, as she walked up the stairs to see what has happened. I closed my eyes in fear as she turned the corner.My mind raced as I tried to prepare myself for a rant about how I have to be more careful, and punishment. Neither came. She started to crack up.  I was @CAPS8 confused at the sight of my mom sitting on the floor, almost peeing her pants. I then realized that I was probably a sight to see. I was covered in paint from head to toe. I started to giggle as I took in the situation, only something like this would happen to me. Minutes later we finial got a hold of ourselves and mom went to go get some paper towels to clean up my mess.  She came back upstairs carrying a role of paper towels and a plastic garbage bags."@CAPS4 thing I put the plastic covering over everything, before I let you paint." she stated, smiling at me. "@CAPS5 would have been way worse, if I spilled the paint all over the carpet." I replied, returning her smile. I started to gather up the plastic covering, revealing the unsoiled carpet. The garbage-can was as full as a stuffed @LOCATION1 on @CAPS6. After we gathered up the last of the plastic covering, I slammed the garbage-cans lid as I put the last bit of plastic covering in. My mom came in carrying @CAPS7, and a handful of paper-towels.  "@CAPS8 what made the paint pan have sudden withdraw of paint, @CAPS9?, @CAPS10 you trip on the plastic covering, or drop the paintbrush in the pan?" she questioned me, as she gave me a confused facial expression.  I didn't know what to say. " I...@CAPS1, @CAPS3, I was on my way to paint the edges against the ceiling, when I took my first step on the ladder and slipped. Landing in the paint pan and receiving the paintbrush in my face" I didn't mention the fact that I tripped on my shoelace. My mom always got on me, for leaving my shoes untied. My mom started to laugh uncontrollably again. She started to turn beat-red. I could not believe her reaction. The situation was @CAPS8 funny, I started to laugh again as-@CAPS3. Never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined anyone forgiving me in such a big way.  Once we finally stopped laughing, my mom and I finished cleaning the mess. My mom and I remember this day as a time we got to bond. I now realize that my mom will understand, and forgive me for my mistakes, no matter how big they are. 
