 It was one of those days where I just sat around all day doing nothing, but play @PERSON2, text, and laugh at myself. It was one of those days where no one bothered me; no one even really talked to me; no one told me to do chores. By dinner time someone decided to call me up stairs to eat, but let me tell you, it wasn't anything like pizza. Although I'd rather eat it than get a lecture on not being thankful. My brother came home for the first time in ever, ate with us, then decided to leave again. But this time I asked to come with; I'm so tired of beating @PERSON2. He said no, of coarse. I made my daddy change his mind for him, of coarse. I don't see why he wouldn't let me come in the first place. He was going to hang out with the guys I grew up with, my friends, not his. Anyways. I got ready then we hit the road. There him and I were, laughing about dinner and what kind of music my mom listens to, on our way to pick up my friends. These guys are great! All we do is crack jokes about each other and crack up. But let's get down to business. I didn't tell you this, but it's @DATE1 time, around The @CAPS1 of @DATE2. Fireworks are for sale and we're creating "bombs" out of them. Or they are. Since I'm a girl, I guess I'm not allowed, or something lame like that. But there is this girl my brother likes and I guess he wants to impress, excuse me "impress" her by showing up at her house so she can see these "master pieces" they've made. That just makes me feel bad for him, but honestly just made me laugh. Maybe she'll be impressed. Key word: maybe. Although, no, it won't. Because to this day they are still only friends.  So about these bombs. Complete duds. We tried, well I just watched, over and over again to make 'em work, but they wouldn't do a thing. Eventually my friend @CAPS2 put a whole bunch of @CAPS3 @CAPS4's into my favorite stuffed animal. It just made a bunch of sparkly colors and loud noises, but it was pretty fun to watch. We got in on video too, it was a total good laugh for everyone. After my brother said goodbye to his "girl," we decided to head home. The thing is, we had so many fireworks left! We know this kid @PERSON3 who lives somewhere on the way home. So we decided to go by his house, have @CAPS2 get out of the truck, light the firework on his porch, have him jump in the tail of the trunk, then drive off as fast as we could. The first time we did it we couldn't stop laughing. They didn't come out of their house, so we did it again. They still didn't come out. We did it about one more time, by then all the neighbors were out. They were all so confused. That just made us laugh even more. It was so great we wanted to keep doing it, but to someone else this time. We know this girl @PERSON1 who lives near all of us. We thought, why not? It's not gonna hurt to stop there real quick and have some fun with her too. Apparently she thought different. Way different, actually she thought it was the rudest thing ever. We were just joking around, gettin' a laugh out of all our fun. We weren't being rude, she's our friend. Long story short, her mom got mad too and chased us down in her car. She never caught us, but she got our license plate number. The next day, on The @CAPS1 of @DATE2, she called the police. They didn't think it was a big deal, but they still showed up at my house and talked to my parents about what went down. I was at my boyfriend's so lucky me I only had to talk to my mom on the phone about it. She realized we were just having fun and actually laughed about it too. That @CAPS1 of @DATE2 @CAPS8 was great. It was one of those nights where you laughed the whole time and wouldn't change a thing even if you got in trouble with the law for it. Something I will definitely never do again, but I'm so glad I have this hilarious memory to reminisce on for the rest of my life.
