 Laughter has been a nonchalant but steady and strong force for me in many relationships. I believe that laughter is useful in getting to know people you've just met and growing closer to people you care about. In my opinion @CAPS2 brings people closer and can change a bad situation upside down. Getting enough bravery to gain new friends, ask this girl out and eventually develop a good relationship with her, is where laughter played an important role. @CAPS2 was the @DATE1 I was fifteen and a sophomore at @ORGANIZATION1 school. @CAPS2 was my first year there. I have been to many schools, @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 wood, etc. and like any new school I was having a hard time connecting on a social level with my peers. Everyday I woke up, got ready, went to school, got home did homework (maybe), and went to bed . @CAPS2 was a boring cycle that I seemed to be trapped in. The image of being cool and trying to fit in did not seem to work so much. Because one thing I realized was that trying to be cool and something you're not only gets you so far. The one thing that kids, people in general, like is when you're real and being yourself . I found that out later on, but I actually didn't realize that's what people liked the most. I said to myself one time that I didn't like trying to act like someone or something because the truth was I actually thought that I was a cool person deep down. So I changed my ways I stopped trying to act cool, and acted like myself. And @CAPS2 turned out that I actually was cool and that girls actually found me attractive, and not only attractive but a funny person that was likable. My main attribute, well besides my looks was my ability to make people laugh or at least smile. @CAPS2 gained me many friends that I didn't have in the beginning. @CAPS2 even gained me one of the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. Her name was @LOCATION2, in my eyes there was no girl that could compare to her in any way. She had the body of a coca cola bottle, caramel skin, and the face of a goddess ( and I'm not exaggerating). Like any beautiful girl she had many followers and admirers who were similar to me. So what chance did I have? What did I, @PERSON1 have to offer her? Laughter. My greatest attribute that had come to my rescue many of times. Even though @CAPS2 didn't last as long as I would have liked @CAPS2( forever) @CAPS2 was great being with her for as long as I did, the things we got to do and the many experiences we had together, are priceless. And @CAPS2 was all because of my ability to make her laugh and to put a smile on her face. I believe that without laughter this world would not be the place that @CAPS2 is today. Sure, there is still crime and many horrors and atrocity's committed today, but imagine how horrid @CAPS2 would be without laughter. Joy, which I believe is the core of what laughter brings, allows us to forgive and forget. @CAPS2 allows us to turn our heads and overlook things. Without us being able to laugh how could we expect to survive the future
