 The members of my immediate family are known to be both incredibly clumsy and easily startled. Broken dishes are a common occurrence in our house; as are spilled drinks, stubbed toes, and blood-chilling screams whenever the toaster pops up. Though all of us are used to these types of things, not everyone around us is, which can lead to interesting encounters. Many people find pleasure in jabbing me in the sides to hear me scream, and laugh when I trip over the slightest crack in the floor. Though it can get annoying sometimes, it @MONTH1 also give me a reason to get over my pride and laugh at myself, thus relieving any tensions I @MONTH1 have been feeling about the social setting. For example, a few years ago I was staying with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 troop at @LOCATION1. Any situation involving large groups of people can be intimidating, but it is increasingly terrifying when the group is made up of girls, ages four to eighteen, with only a few adults thrown in to make sure the girls do not bludgeon each other to death. Worse still was that where I was staying, which was a hybrid somewhere between a cabin and a tent, the majority of the girls were in middle school and, needless to say, we did not always get along. Despite the fact that we were not all the best of friends, though, there were times when we were able to get past the petty differences, such as who was cool and who was not, and enjoy the time we had to talk and joke around with people who were in similar places in life. On one such occasion, I was attempting to make my bed on one of the top bunks, and was in the process of stretching my sheet over the petrified mattress which @MONTH1 have possibly been around in @NUM1 @CAPS3.C. Being the intelligent person that I am, I decided to lean against the wall behind me for balance, forgetting, of course, that there was in fact no wall, but only a thin, cloth-like material which could not support my weight. The second I realized what I had done, I reached about frantically for something to hold on to and tried in vain to keep myself from plummeting backwards to the floor and my certain death. Milliseconds before I would smash into the hard wood floor, I managed to grab a hold of one of the bars on the side of the bed and hung on for dear life, swinging back and forth and back and forth. Finally, I let go and propelled myself, almost gracefully, onto the bed sitting underneath mine. It was a very long time before the laughter died down. In that short amount of time, cliques and biases and grudges were all forgotten as we became not just a bunch of random girls placed in a room together, but a group with our own strengths and weaknesses; passions and flaws. Though the adolescent years are incredibly difficult and there are many times when it feels like you are the loneliest person in the world, it is always comforting to know that there are other people who laugh and cry just like you and experience many of the same joys and embarrassments as you do. One of the most essential skills to learn is that you have to be able to laugh at yourself from time to time and let yourself be vulnerable in front of other people. We @MONTH1 not all be the same, but we all have the same basic desires for love, acceptance, and laughter.
