Angelina @CAPS1 @CAPS2 a year ago, some time in the @DATE2, I was at my best friend @PERSON1's house for a sleepover after her @CAPS3 party. We were exhausted from swimming at her @CAPS4's pool and taking her dog for a walk, not to mention the partying, and we would have been asleep if it weren't for the family-sized bag of @CAPS5 and six pack of @ORGANIZATION1 we'd consumed not an hour before. At around three in the @TIME1, our childish minds searching for something to do, we decided it was a good idea to paint the tips of our tongues blue with nail polish in hopes of them glowing in the dark when held to the black light on her windowsill. I was the first one daring enough to touch my tongue to the brush, and boy did it hurt! The acid and alcohol in the polish stung my taste buds. The next day was @DATE1 and, after hanging out at @LOCATION1's house for the afternoon, we came to my house for another sleepover, which is what we did and sometimes still do every time we are together. That night, this time around two in the @TIME1, we grew hungry again and came downstairs to get a snack before retreating back to my room and @PERSON1 playing on my computer while I used her phone to text my former crush. @PERSON1 got jars or ice water, I still don't know why she uses jars instead of cups, interrupted my spinning around the kitchen floor with my new socks, and we had a random instantaneous ice chugging contest. After ten seconds of silence, I glanced over my jar at @LOCATION1, who wasn't even half done with her water. There, on her chin, was a speck, a dot, a glob, of blue nail polish. I attempted a gasp to give me enough air to start laughing at her, but instead of air coming into my windpipe, and ice cube made its way in. Choking, laughing, falling on the floor, laughing, nail polish-picking, and more laughing, we stood in the middle of the kitchen with nothing to actually laugh at that was that funny. @PERSON1 dropped her jar and it shattered on the floor, sending shards of glass and water across the kitchen, but that's okay. We were having fun, and, guess what, we fell asleep on the kitchen floor not ten minutes later. I suppose we were more tired then we thought. We did clean up the glass though. Some people say laughing is the best medicine a doctor can use, that it can cure any disease, that it can brighten anyone's day. Dentist's apprentices use laughing gas that makes people loopy and smile a lot when they do operations on your teeth, and it doesn't hurt as much, until the day after, but that's because you just had a tooth pulled. Today @PERSON1 and I are still best friends. Sure, we get in fights, but they end within a week or two. The longest fight we were ever in lasted a month and a half, and it was a misunderstood rumor another friend of mine had started, and ended by us both laughing @CAPS2 how stupid whatever happened really was. Within the five or six years of @PERSON1 and I being friends, we realized laughing is healthy and good for you, both physically and emotionally to relieve stress, so every time we see each other we laugh as much as possible. Inside jokes popping up from something said that was totally unrelated, a funny-looking person walking down the side of the road, or just our own minds saying its time to be happy again, it all triggers laughter. Sometimes it hurts, but we cant help laughing harder, because its fun.
