 "@CAPS1 days are diamonds and @CAPS1 days are stone," are the famous, melodic words of @LOCATION1. He was absolutely right and the day of @DATE1, was a very stony day. It began when I woke up late, having stayed up until eleven o'clock the night before in order to finish my homework. As I hurriedly pulled a sweater over my head, I ran downstairs and out the door, to school. Running under the dreary gray clouds, I suddenly remembered the geometry test that was scheduled for today. By my seventh period geometry class, the sleep deprivation was kicking in and my head was pounding. Of course, this had to be the day that @PERSON1 decided to cheat off my test. As his eyes swept over my paper for the third time, I sighed and stared pointedly at his own paper. I should have simply shifted in my seat so he could not see my test, but I wanted him to get the point. @PERSON2, however, seemed to think I was cheating off of @PERSON1. I took the reprimands silently and went to my locker. After collecting my belongings, I turned to go home. A loud ripping noise caught my attention and I realized, with a groan, that I had just torn my sweater on the corner of my locker. Without acknowledging the stares of my peers, I turned and ran out into the pouring rain. Once I had reached my quiet road, I could not contain myself. With my face turned towards the stony sky, I shouted until I my throat felt like sandpaper. I had never had any sort of emotional breakdown before and the feeling was strange and alien to me. I hoped that no one would ever see me like that, as I had transformed into a stranger, hurt and lost. Following my explosion, I trudged slowly home and entered the house to find my @NUM1-year-old sister, @PERSON3, begging me for macaroni and cheese. I sighed and put a pot of water on the stove. Maybe it was cruel fate or possibly just stupidity, but either way I ended up with half a pot of steaming water spilled down the front of my body. Granted, it was not very hot, as I had just put it on the stove, but all I could do was sit down on the cold kitchen floor, put my head in my hands, and cry. My sobs sounded like a frog croaking. I looked up suddenly, however, when I felt a small hand tapping my shoulder. "@CAPS2?" @PERSON3 asked tentavely. "@CAPS3 did the dog say to the cat?" I just stared at her with leaking eyes. "@CAPS4 are a cat-astrophe," she answered herself. A small smile was set on her pink lips as she started giggling. Then I started giggling, too, which led to uncontrollable laughter. It was a ridiculously humorless joke, but the laughter felt like cold water running over the painful burns the day had forced upon me. There we sat, a giggling little girl and a messy, laughing teenager, sitting on their kitchen floor on a very grey day. One little joke, with just one fit of laughter, had transformed my entirely stoney day into a perfect little diamond.
