  What's Laughter if not a smile, a small chunk of happiness like a chocolate chip cookie fresh out of the oven, chocolate oozing out of the sides like waterfalls. Laughter can come from a joke, a awkward situation or just about anything. Laughter can be the thing that bonds a friendship. I'm going to tell @CAPS5 a true story surrounding the matter of laughter and how it has been involved in a relationship of my own. It was my first day of high school, I walked in the school looking down at my shoes. I could feel the people around me staring at me but I wasn't sure if I should look back at them and smile or if I should just keep to myself, so I said nothing. I went to the office and I asked them how to find drama class, they give me a map that I had no idea how to read and sent me off. By this time I was scared. A tall @CAPS1 guy with brown shaggy hair and a flannel jacket bumps into me and instead of an "I'm sorry" or even a polite "@CAPS2 me" he looked at me disgusted and continued down the hallway. It took me some time but I finally found my drama class. The teacher wasn't nice to me, it seemed like she hated everyone. She was kind of rounder and she had short blond hair. Her name was @PERSON1 and she is not in a good mood today. There was a girl sitting next to me and she looked just as scared as I felt. During the first @NUM1 minutes of class we glanced at each other a few times but we said nothing. About half way through the class the girl next to me asked my name, I replied "@CAPS3" extremely quietly. As I went to turn away she grabbed my attention by whispering to me, she chuckled "@CAPS4 @CAPS5 see what she's wearing? What are teachers thinking when they get dressed in the morning?" I started laughing hysterically. The large teacher lurking in front of me said "@CAPS5 two, hallway, now!" I didn't know if laughing was an option but as soon as I stepped out of that door a grin crossed my face and I fell on the floor laughing. I couldn't control myself. Don't get me wrong I didn't think us getting into trouble was funny but this bitter teacher was such a disappointment. Drama teachers are supposed to be fun and nice, or so I thought. The next class period I walked through the auditorium doors and found myself a seat close to the back, next to @CAPS6. @PERSON1 was wearing a green top that looked like it had been spattered with baby throw up, a pair of light blue skinny jean that did not flatter her body, and a pair of hot pink @NUM2 inch high heels. Today she was in a great mood, @CAPS5 could tell by the big fat smile on her face. When anyone talked she would burn a whole in there foreheads with her eyes. It was like getting stung by a bee on a hot @DATE1 day. We would all laugh behind her back but that's the way we got through her class alive. After a few minutes of talking she sent us off to @CAPS4 our first scene. The people in my group were @CAPS6, my friend @CAPS8 who I had met in algebra the day before and a girl I didn't know named @ORGANIZATION1'montae. We all got to know each other quite quickly because we all loved the joys of laughing. @ORGANIZATION1'montae was @CAPS9 @CAPS10 as was @CAPS8. @ORGANIZATION1'montae was taller than me by about @NUM3 inches. She had blond in her hair that was only in her bangs. She was stunningly pretty. @CAPS8 was a quiet, @CAPS4 it alone type of person. She was about @NUM4 inches shorter then me and she had short black hair. It was straight, as I would quickly learn it always was. She was stylish, she had on the cutest brown belt and shoes that matched it with skinny jeans and a @CAPS12 jacket. Her whole outfit screamed adorable. We laughed the whole time, making fun of the teacher and telling jokes. We got barely any work done. That was a day I'll never forget. To this day, I'm still good friends with all three of them and often we talk about that day, and how glad we are that we met. So, as @CAPS5 can see laughing is a big part of my relationships. Its a great way to make friends and everyone loves to laugh. Even when @CAPS5 barely know someone @CAPS5 can quickly find out that laughing leads to friendships. It's like being in your favorite place on earth for just a moment. Laughter is a good way to become close to the people around @CAPS5. The next time your with your friends or grouped with strangers tell them a joke. Priceless! 
