 As I waited in the car, anxious to meet my best friend and man I'm in love with, I started to laugh. Not because something my mother or brother said was funny, or because I saw something funny, but I was nervous. I'd talked to him countless times on the phone, many many text messages, and countless emails. But I was still nervous. I knew him better than I knew most people, yet my anxiety seemed to be making me lose my sanity.  As our black rental sedan pulled up to where he was waiting outside of where his family lived, I got more nervous. @CAPS6 if he wasn't actually the way I thought he was? @CAPS6 if he didn't like me? @CAPS6 if I didn't like him? As soon as he stepped into the car, smiling brightly at me, my nervous laughter and my anxiety all melted away. I smiled back. "@CAPS1, @PERSON1," he said. "@CAPS1 @PERSON2," I said, butterflies in my stomach. I was smiling broadly still, he reached out and cautiously took my hand.  "@CAPS3 was the drive?" he asked, lightly squeezing my hand. "@CAPS4, and nerve wracking," I replied, nervous laughter bubbling up again. "@CAPS5 your here now, and I'm very happy @CAPS7 are," he said, smiling. And for the rest of the car ride to the restaurant our conversation flowed so smoothly I thought I was dreaming. Here him and I were two guys in love with one another, a new thing for both of us, and we were happy as can be. The whole car ride we held hands ad talked, I felt like I'd known him my whole life. Not just the year and a half I'd known him.  We arrived at @ORGANIZATION1 all too fast and all of us got out of the car, I was famished and so was he. But we had to wait for a table for a half-hour before we sat down. Once at the dinner table my mother, who was very happy I found someone I loved so much and knew of our love, started regaling us with tales of my childhood. It was one of the most embarassing moments of my life. I was bright red for almost the entire time she told these stories. Some of which I remembered, others I did not. @PERSON2 laughed and joked wth me about all of them. Which made my nervous laughter come out as actual laughter. It also helped that he was holding my hand under the table.  After we ate dinner and dessert we went to the nearby mall for some shopping and to just hang out. My mom and brother went one way, and @PERSON2 and I went another. We bought some clothes together and finally ended up in a book store. My favorite book store, @ORGANIZATION3's. Back in my favorite section, young adult fiction, I noticed @PERSON2 staring at me. "@CAPS6?" I asked stupidly. He smiled deviously.  "@CAPS7 just look very... In your element," he smirked.  "@CAPS8?" I said, in mock confusion. He just smiled and took my hand in his again. "@CAPS9 problem," he said, squeezing my hand. He pulled me closer to him, we were the only people in this area of the store. "@CAPS10 if I'm a little forward?" he asked. I shook my head @CAPS9. He leaned in and kissed me very gently on the lips, I blushed a bright red and started to giggle after our lips parted. He quirked an eyebrow, I knew @CAPS6 he was thinking just by the look on his face.  "That felt fantastic," I said, putting my fingers on my lips. I had a silly grin on my face.  "@CAPS11," he simply said, kissing me again. "I love your laugh, love," he told me, I was on cloud nine, I was truly in love with somebody and I felt great! I'd never been this happy before. Except maybe the first time I went to @ORGANIZATION2. But this was definitely better, because it could last much longer. Which it has, since we've been together ever since. Both our gazes fixed our future together. Now whenever I remember that I was start to giggle happily to myself. Yes I get a stare every once in a while, but I don't care. Laughter is the thing that helped bridge the gap between him and I. Making us the closest we've ever been.
