                                    Laughter @CAPS1 @CAPS2 For the @ORGANIZATION1 is a very important thing in life , I personally could not live without laughter in my life I honestly could not do it. I would not be me if I didn't have laughter in my life . All relationships should have laughter involved in some way ,what would a relationship be without laughter! Laughter is a beautiful thing , when I am laughing I am enjoying life in in my own way and my worries instantly go away and some how I feel like I am "carefree " . Laughter makes us healthy both physically and mentally . Through out my life there have been many times where laughter has been involved in many relationships . But let me tell you about a time where laughter really stood out and was and still is a big part of my relationship with my dad.   I have always been very close to my dad , you might even say I am a daddy's little girl .Laughter has played a very important role in my relationship with my dad. It somehow always found its way into our relationship. The @CAPS1 times of laughter are what I valued and treasured so much that whenever I think about it I cant help but smile . I remember when I was little if I ever needed a @CAPS1 laugh my dad was the person to call . The laughter grew stronger through out the years , I cannot recall a time where my dad and I had a moment where laughter was not involved . We always used to watch these @CAPS3 shows together that we would almost always laugh so hard it was impossible to get through the show without making noise or miss something because we were both laughing so hard .We would laugh so hard we would wake up the whole family ,sometimes we didn't even know why we were laughing it would just happen . I can just hear those sweet sounds of laughter between my dad and I oh how I miss those @CAPS1 @NUM1 nights were what I looked forward to, I knew that I would soon be laughing along with my dad and tears of joy would be running down our faces . I looked forward to that sweet sound of laughter it was almost impossible to go through the entire show without laughing ,oh what @CAPS1 times those were . Since my dad moved to @LOCATION1 ,we haven't had those beautiful times of laughter that I miss so much, but I can always treasure them in my heart. Those moments of laughter were the best moments I have ever had with my dad,since I was little girl till now almost an adult . I don't know if my dad and I would be as close today if we hadn't had all that laughter throughout our lives. Whenever I am sad or miss my dad , I go back to those times we had filled with laughter, and listen to his laugh playing in my head. I never knew how important laughter would be to me. I am glad laughter played such an important part in my life. Laughter is such an important part of life/relationships because it brings joy and happiness. Laughter is the type of thing that no matter what , should always be a part of any relationship. I think laughter is healthy for our bodies, for example if you're sad ,depressed ,or just not having a @CAPS1 day a @CAPS1 laugh will change that and make you feel a lot better ,like it did for my dad and I. Laughter also makes relationships last longer , the reason why I am so close to my dad , best friend, mom, boy friend , sisters etc is because of laughter itself . If laughter was not involved in my relationships , I could not handle being sad all the time everyone needs a little laughter sometime in their life. My dad is the reason why I laugh so much , he showed me how laughter is such a powerful thing but yet so simple. I never thought laughter would be such an important part of my life until my dad showed me just how valuable it really is.  Where I would be today without laughter I truly have no idea. My dad taught me how laughter can change your attitude on things and how important it is to have laughter in your relationship. If laughter was not involved in any relationship , the world would be very boring no laughter or smiles,can you imagine having no laughter at all! I certainly cant imagine life without laughter. If my relationship with my dad had no laughter we would not be the same people we are today in fact , we would be completely different people and we would not be as close as we are today. What do you think about laughter? Has laughter ever played an important part in any of your relationships?  
