 Laughter is a part of life. It can help bring people together or even tear them apart if it is in bad taste. There was a time when me and my cousin @PERSON1 did not really like each other but I had to stay at his house because my mom was out of town. After that night we were closer then brothers and there is one huge funny tale behind it. I was really reluctant to even go over there that night. But my mom told me to stop complaining and to just try to have fun. When I got there we pretty much just watched @LOCATION1 in awkward silence. Then his parents informed us that they were going out and that they would not be home until it was very late. About ten minutes after they left my cousin @PERSON1 turns to me and says "you want to do something really fun." @CAPS1 I was at the young age of thirteen years old a could not help but to be interested. So I asked him what this fun thing was and he told me it was a surprise. We left his house and cut through his field to the wall of blackberry bushes that surrounds his field and he showed me a little path through a certain spot. After we got through the bushes we ended up on a gravel road that led to a house that had a lot of land surrounding it. And on the land were what my cousin identified as fainting goats, I had no idea what fainting goats were. So my cousin said he should just show me what they are and what they do. @PERSON1 walked right up to these goats and made a sudden noise, about a quarter of them just fell over stiffened and unmoving. I was roaring with laughter at the fact that these goats fainted when they got scared. We spent about forty five minutes scaring them and watching them faint. No matter how many times we did it, we found it no less amusing then the first time. The funniest thing by far that happened that night, started off when @PERSON1 informed me that he brought an @NUM1 firework. We put it in the middle of where all the goats had flocked to and lit it. It went off and the bang that was as loud as a gunshot. As one entity the goats all collapsed and we were doubled up with laughter, that is until the people in the house came out side. We ran like our life's depended on it, we flew down the road through the blackberry path, trough the field and straight into @PERSON1's house. We sat down on the couch then we looked at each other, we burst out laughing, my ribs were aching from it, I was light headed with laughter. His parents got home about a minute after we calmed down which we also found extremely funny. As soon as they went to bed we burst into silent giggles. That was one of the funnest times I've had with my cousin and even tough we did not like each other before hand, we ended up becoming brothers in all but blood, but we were cousins so maybe even a little bit by blood but mostly brothers in laughter.
