 My best friend and I have been friends since third grade. We've shared many laughs, memories, and tears, yet to this day we're still closer than ever. One of the key reasons we've been able to stay friends for so long is because we make each other laugh. We joke around and we make any boring time into a good one. This is the story of how our relationship came to be and some of the reasons why we are still best friends. It started in third grade. I was walking alone on the playground when she asked me to play with her, having nothing else to do, I agreed. We played for the whole recess, and it eventually became a regular thing for us to spend recess together. The first time she invited me to her house, I was kind of nervous. I was afraid it was going to be awkward, or that we wouldn't have a good time. When we got to her house after school, we went to her room, played video games for a little bit, and then we had a snack. We brought our crackers to her room, sat on the ground, and started to eat. Out of no where we just looked at each other, and we started laughing like crazy. They weren't little giggles either, we laughed so hard it brought tears to our eyes. From that day forward we hung out as often as we could. A couple of years went by, we hung out more often, and declared ourselves best friends. When fifth grade came around, we were glued to the hip. Her dad was our teacher, so he already knew how close we both were. We never really got to sit next to each other, but we still managed to talk a lot. One day at recess we were joking around and she said your butt is so big, you're going to break a chair. These days it doesn't seem that funny, but in fifth grade it was hilarious. When we got inside we played this math game, I got the question wrong so I plopped down in my chair, sure enough, it broke. Other kids that heard what she said laughed, but no one really quite laughed as much as we both did.  Fifth grade was also when boys started coming into the picture. During @DATE1 break she really liked this one guy, and when he said he didn't like her, she was completely broken. That night she came over to talk with me about it, but we never ended up talking about it at all. Instead, we watched funny movies and I would do things on purpose to make her laugh. Even though we were already really close, that night made us grow even closer. At the end of fifth grade we had a little graduation ceremony. Towards the end they put on a slide show of everyone in the fifth grade class. One of the pictures was of @PERSON1 and I with mud masks on, we were both embarrassed, but we also laughed because we had a lot of fun that night, and we wondered how the picture got on the slide show. After the ceremony @PERSON1 and I threw a party. We shared many laughs and still that made us grow even closer, even though we had made new friends that night, our bond was unbreakable. Middle school was a whole new experience. New friends, different classes, and more drama. I hate to say it, but we grew apart those three years. We had none of the same classes and we both met new people, but every time I went over to her house, or every time we hung out, we laughed till we were crying, and gasping for air. A lot of things happened, our different friends fought, some of them moved, but our ability to make each other laugh kept us together through thick and thin. Towards the end of our middle school lives, we grew closer again, and things were pretty much back to normal.  Today @PERSON1 and I are as close as we were in fifth grade if not closer. When we are together not only do we make ourselves laugh, but we make other people laugh as well. We are together almost every weekend, and we @MONTH1 not do much, but we always end up laughing like crazy. Doing cheer, we also spend even more time together. Other things in our relationship are important too, like trust, loyalty, and kindness, but laughter is what has kept us together through everything we have been through. Laughter is also the reason we have become friends in the first place and I am happy to call her my best friend. Without her, my life would be very boring, and I hope we stay friends for the rest of our lives. Laughing keeps people together and makes relationships grow stronger. This was an example of how it helped me and my best friend become friends and stay friends through everything life has thrown at us.
