You know how people say that school is the most fun place to be during the day? Well i would have to be agree to that because when I'm at school I would laugh all day long when i see my friend name @PERSON1. We would have fun all day long just the three of us in the same classes but two classes but we still be laughing in the halls and in the class rooms some times at each other and people that we don't know. I always loved coming to school last year but this year is not that much fun because @PERSON1 moved into the @CAPS1-es and I don't know where she lives now but after @PERSON1 left the good old days was fun with her it sucks that we are not going to the same schools with her or her still coming to school with us now it is just the two of us @LOCATION1 and my self we hardly have some fun in class without her but most of the days we do.   I remember when @PERSON1 first came to this school she look like the other girls in our class but once we got to know her we became best friends. the next day she though that we would not like her because is a new kid at the school and that stuff we got to know her all to well because we would hang out with etcher teacher back from the seventh grade we would hang out. The thing that i always love about @PERSON1 is that she would turn anyone whom is having a bad day and turn it into a really good day for you she would always do things like that but there are some days when she is felling down and blue and @PERSON2 and me would try to make her feel but she would just get mad at us because we wasn't there for her when she needed us. I felt so bad after that but we are friends and friends so post to be there no matter what. The next day she wouldn't remember what was going on yesterday because she wouldn't remember that much when she is really mad at someone. one time in one of my classes we was not doing much in that class because there was not that much people in there we were painting and me and @PERSON1 was painting bulletin board. the colors was white and brown we kinda of got it all over the place and each other i panted her hand haft brown and the other side white and she got some of it on the paper that we was using to let it dry up so we can paint again but that did not work out so good because we had to go yo our next class. The next day we was in that class we almost the same thing but we kinda of got it on the grand, sink, sops descender, and each other we draw a little something on each other i draw a heart that has her name in it her name was in pen and the heart was in paint. In our next class we was laughing the rest of the day we even got my sister @LOCATION1 to laugh with us even through it was not that funny because we ate a lot of candy and candy makes us laughter all the time. these days are the days that I'll remember all the time because @PERSON1, @LOCATION1, and I are always laughing all that time because we always find something to laugh about and talk about. Out of all the times that i laugh the most fun ones are with my friend @PERSON1 because we would have lots of fun when we are with her she is the glue that was holding us together. I think when all of us are together we are always laughing every scent of the day. No matter what we did or didn't do we would laugh all that time. This one we would say "like" all the time in one of our classes that we would have all that time during fifth because we was the only two girls in there with four boys and a guy teacher so @PERSON1 and me would do almost anything in that class because we would not do anything that would get us in troble.
