 I once learned something very valuable in school. I didn't learn it in a class room, or even form a book. I learned this lesson in a hallway near the copy room. One @MONTH1 be prompted to ask, what kind of lesson could you possibly learn in a hall? All I will tell you is this, it's not one I'll be forgetting any time soon.  In order to completely understand what exactly I was doing roaming the halls and learning lessons, you're going to need a little bit of background. I was in my third period class; which was leadership at the time. Leadership isn't really your conventional class from the perspective of an outsider. Kids running about the school like loose mice @MONTH1 give off an appearance of impropriety, but an appearance is all it was. We weren't doing anything bad, it's just that most of the time you would have to leave the class room in order to do what needed to be done that day. Leadership directly preceded myleast favorite class of the day, @CAPS1 @CAPS2. I simply detested that class. I had been in @CAPS1 classes ever since I was in kindergarten at @ORGANIZATION1. I was a sophomore at the time and that language had been bugging me for the past ten years. It wasn't that I was bad at it or anything because really, I wasn't. I just had a strong contempt for @CAPS1 class. The teacher always gave me a hard time, probably because I had a big mouth and I tended to talk a lot. She was that type of person who had @CAPS10 posture and was a stickler for the rules. The the type of person you could see wielding a yard stick as a deadly weapon.  In leadership that specific class period, the teacher was taking a particularly long time explaining what we were supposed to do that day. He sometimes did this, he was famous for being long winded. He could take the entire @NUM1 minute class period just talking about an assignment that would have taken ten minutes to do. That day however, we weren't doing an assignment. At least not what a normal person would consider to be your typical assignment. Another girl from the class, @CAPS5; and myself were working on a special project. We had to retrieve something very important from my car. We waited for the teacher to finish talking and asked if we could go, he said yes. We walked out the double doors of the classroom and into the main hallway, we then proceeded on down toward the parking lot. As we were walking we passed by the office doors, the @CAPS6 hall, and the library. Just as we were about to walk by the copy room door, I saw @PERSON2. @PERSON2 was in my @CAPS1 Two class the year before and I thought that I would say hi to him. I did, I then asked if he was taking @CAPS1 @CAPS2 that year. He replied with a no. I told him, "@CAPS10 thing, because @CAPS1 @CAPS2 sucks!" I didn't know it at the time, but I would be eating those words by the truck load in just a short while. Not five seconds after I had said that to @PERSON2, @CAPS5 was tugging on my shirt sleeve trying to get me out of the building. I told her to calm down and that it was rude to interrupt people when they are talking.  After I had said bye to @PERSON2, @CAPS5 hurried me out the door and she burst into laughter. I was taken-aback by her sudden outburst of laughter and questioned her as to what she was laughing about. It was right then that @LOCATION1, my @CAPS1 teacher, poked her head out the door and said to me in her thick accent, "@PERSON1, I hear you don't like my class!" I must have been as red as a tomato. I just stood there with the dumbest look on my face. The kind of look that jumps on your face when you wish you had a rewind button for your mouth. I looked over my right shoulder just in time to see @CAPS5 gasping for air because she was laughing so hard. I redirected my attention to @LOCATION1, she was just standing there with an angry face covering up the laughter that was trying to break through. There I was, not ten steps away from my car and I, for once, had nothing to say. The lesson I learned that day was to never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river. Or at least make sure the alligator isn't in the next room. Especially if the alligator teaches your next class. 
