 Hi my name is @CAPS1. I am just an ordinary girl with a story like every other girls. I'm writing this because this story means something to me and I would like to share @CAPS2. Honestly I depend on a good laugh during my day. Without laughter life would never be the same for me. Laughing has brought me to who I am today. Not only has @CAPS2 made me the person I am but @CAPS2 has brought me to all my friends and the people I love. For example I use laughter between me and my boyfriend @PERSON1.  @PERSON1 and I are just like any other couple. We have fun, do stuff together and we argue. The worst part is when we fight. just like everyone else we have hard time and we have good times. Our hard times all start when we wake up. When i wake up its still really dark outside. The smell of fresh @TIME1 air makes me feel refreshed. I always feel like the happiest girl in the world. A little while after i wake up i text @PERSON1 good @TIME1 and we usually, always talk through out the @TIME1. Some times he comes to see me or i just see him at school. When i see him i am happy and my toes curl. We will go for a walk and talk about everything and anything, just life. At this point he thinks its time to say something funny. So he does, he will make fun of how i look, what i am wearing and what i say. He doesn't find @CAPS2 hurtful but to me @CAPS2 is. Many times i might even say something mean back which doesn't help @CAPS2 just makes @CAPS2 worse.  Not long goes by, maybe a few seconds and we start to fight. He doesn't understand he has hurt me or he doesn't care. @PERSON1 tells me he has done nothing wrong. So i try to explain @CAPS2 and he doesn't listen. I just stop trying and if he realizes how he hurt me or what happened that bothered me that's fine but i am not going to fight anymore so i just stop explaining things. Enough has gone through my mind so i cry, and he gives me a dumbness look. This just makes everything worse so of course our fight breaks out and gets even worse. There is yelling and screaming with tears and mean, rotten words tossed all over the place its a mess. I usually storm of in the middle @CAPS2 cause i cant take anymore.  Finally time goes by and we haven't talked all day. We don't have anything to say to each other. Eventually someone gets the nerve to talk or say something to another. Still each of us on edge so i say something stupid or funny to lighten the mood. I will do anything to see a smile on his face, even if we have done each other wrong i still love him and cant stand for @CAPS2 to be like this anymore. Of course he smiles, just what i was looking for this makes me happy and laugh. @PERSON1 will than ask for a hug and so he hugs me even if i don't answer or if i say no, @CAPS2 doesn't matter to him. He apologizes and explains a couple things to me. I feel bad cause i hate the stress and the fight, so we work @CAPS2 out.  Now you can see if i didn't have laughter i might be depressed. Without laughter things would be harder and more complicated. But a good laugh or a simple joke can ease things and make them a lot better in life. I just want people to understand what a small laugh can do to your day. If @CAPS2 can change your day in such a big way than @CAPS2 can change your life in a major way. Things @MONTH1 come across as hard of rough. When i look back on my life and see what @CAPS2 has done to me and for me i realize i laughed at something each one of those days even though i was done and @CAPS2 brought me back up again.
