  Laughter saved my life. Growing up, my life was pretty normal. Me, my little brother, mom, and dad, all living happily together in a nice suburban area. But two years ago, everything changed; and it seemed as though it wasn't for the better. My parents got a divorce. It was all very strange because at that time in my life I thought that that couldn't happen to me; it was impossible. As I talked to my friends and family about it, I learned to live with the fact that my family would never be the same again. But thought I came to grips with my new life, I still was unhappy a lot of the time. But the times when I was with my best friends and caring family, were the times that I forgot about all of the things going on at home.  George and I have been really close friends since the @NUM1 grade. We are inseparable. Though I have many other friends, he is the one I would always turn to if there's a problem. He knows me better than anybody else. We talk every day at school, we text message each other every night, and hang out almost every weekend. The night that my parents told me they were getting a divorce I called him crying. He told me that in the end it would all be okay, and he told me that he was always there for me if I needed anything. At that point in time it was clear to me that I had something that not a lot of people can say they had in their lifetime: A true friend who would be there through anything with me. He and I would joke about all my problems. To some, that @MONTH1 seem a little strange; but it was almost therapeutic to me. Making fun of my life, made it easier to live it in a sense. It helped me to realize that I need to let go of the past, and that just because there's a rough patch, doesn't mean that the rest of my life is destined to be this way. George knew how to cheer me up, and he could always tell when I needed a good talk, or a good laugh to make my day better.  A girl always needs another girl in her life to tell secrets, to do crazy things, and to lay on the couch all day watching sappy love movies with. For me, its @CAPS1. When we're together there is no stopping us. She was always right by my side through my parents divorce. She was there with me, my last night in my house before we moved out. We sat on my bed in my empty room, recalling all the memories the house had given us. Some would think this would be a sad time, but all we did was laugh. Because all of the memories were good ones.We weren't crying because we were upset; we were crying from laughing about all of our insane adventures for hours. To me, that's a pretty good reason to cry.We re-lived our best moments that night, and we weren't going to let the situation make us upset. We wanted to make our last memory in my house a good one; that we would always remember.  My family is quite strange; but we do know how to have a good time. I don't have many family members, but I think that because we are so tightly knit, we get along really well. Whether we're out in the backyard playing a game of wiffle ball, or in the house playing pranks with whoopie cushions, it's always a fun time at my @CAPS2 @PERSON1's house. During the rough times of the divorce, I would spend a lot of time at my @CAPS2's house because I didn't have to worry about being questioned all the time about how I was feeling; I just had to worry about if I should bring sneakers to go on a hike, or if I should bring my pajamas in case we decided to have a movie night sleepover. That house is a place I still go to just relax, and forget about whatever @MONTH1 be worrying me. @CAPS2 @PERSON1's is a safe haven for me to just let go, and have a good time with some of my favorite people in the world; my family.  If I didn't have all these important people in my life, I don't know what would have become of me. As I grow up, I'm realizing that these people have molded the person I am today. They helped me through the roughest time in my life, and that proves how much they really care about me. Some say laughter is the best medicine; I say it's love. Laughing helps to get you through terrible times, but the people who make you laugh are really what matter most. I can honestly say that every one of these people have made me a better person, and I love them with all my heart.
