 Has there ever been a person that you know, that just made you laugh like no one else could? Or had a moment or a @DATE1 when you laughed as if there was no tomorrow? Laughter is something that everyone can relate to no matter the age or the personality. It fills you with warm feeling that spills out like a waterfall. There isn't always a reason for the things that people do, there is always mystery. The same thing applies to laughter. Sometimes you are just so happy that it all builds up inside and has to be let out. During the @DATE2 of my sixth, going on seventh grade year, my friend @PERSON1 and I were nearly inseparable. @PERSON1 was the first friend that I had made upon moving from @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1 in the beginning of my sixth grade year, but in a short amount of time we became best friends. On @DATE1, we were at my house by ourselves and we wanted to do something fun, and creative. So we decided to make a fort out of sheets and furniture. We took chairs and the ends of some couches and @DATE1 tables and tied sheets and blankets from them, falling over ourselves and not paying attention to anything else. We made a plane of fabric about three or four feet above the ground, tall enough to crawl under and sit down. We then took a tack in the wall and pinned a sheet to hang over the flat sheet as our walls. We then filled the make shift tent with pillows and blankets to sit on. By the @DATE1 of our adventure, the living room was a mess and the furniture was all over the place. It was as if a tornado had run through the house, even though it wasn't the biggest or best fort we had built. But we didn't care, we had a blast building it. I remember sitting in the fort and talking to her about anything that came up. We talked about school, people and just life in general. We made jokes like we love to do and just fed off of each others good feelings and energy. I was on cloud nine and no one was about to bring me down. That @DATE1, I laughed like there was nothing wrong in the world. I was carefree and wasn't afraid to show it. We were both laughing almost constantly to the point of tears, even though, when I look back now some of the things that we laughed about, weren't all that funny. It was one of those days with the laughs that fill you up with so much energy and joy that you can't even contain yourself, and it is so contagious that others can't help but join you. We let ourselves out in cries of joy and cackles. I had never laughed so hard in my life and I never wanted it to stop. It wasn't necessarily because of something funny that @PERSON1 had done or said, but I was just so happy that everything seemed worthy of laughing about. And every time I started to laugh, she couldn't help but join me, and that would just set us off laughing harder. By the @DATE1, we were both emotionally drained. @PERSON1 ended up staying the night because we never wanted the @DATE1 to leave. But, eventually, every @DATE1 ends, every morning is a new beginning and every night an @DATE1 to something, but when you close your eyes to sleep after a long @DATE1 of laughing, you feel full. Not of happiness, but of life. And that feeling, is not something that is easily taken away. So live and laugh like today is the last @DATE1, and never forget the memories that you created in the times before.
