DAIRY @CAPS1 boyfriend and I spend a lot of time hanging out together,@CAPS2 two days ago @PERSON3 and I had just gotten into an argument . his mom had just finished making food.he wanted me to try it and see if i liked it. but before I ate any @CAPS3 him if he would eat some of it with me."maybe just a little bit"he had said getting up to grab a fork.Ithought he was going to eat it with me but it turned out that he just sat next to me talking to @PERSON2 @CAPS2 the fight he had just been in. I really didn't mind the fact that he wasn't eating with me. Icontinued eating, I separated the food by colors to make a face on my plate. it turned out looking pretty great, he looks over and says"whats that supposed to be?" with a smirk on his face"its a face!... see the carrots are the nose the shrimp are the eyes the greens and , noodles form the mouth and hair" I look up with a smile "wanna take a picture of my face on the plate ?" I say "nope"he answers "@CAPS4" I answer backI mix up all the things again and continue eating my food when I'm done I get up , put the plate in the sink go back to the table and sit down. @PERSON3 gets up goes outside brings more wood for the fire place and starts lighting it. I go up ask him if hes mad he says yes now I'm sad. I say I'm sorry we talked it over and it turned out that he was mad because I didn't let him take a picture of my food. after five minutes were happy again @PERSON1 suggests that we go to @CAPS5 we all agreed. when we got their we all ordered our food and waited."lets to the wrestling mat!?"we all said at the exact time @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 stayed waiting for the order while @PERSON3 and I when to go play in the little kid toys. we were fighting our way in to the wrestling mat when we noticed that all the little kids were staring at us like they had never see older kids play . we continued our little game of kicking, punching, slapping and scratching each other. i decided that i need a time out so I sat up and took long breaths.out oh the onwear I hear this weird noise I look over and asked him if he had farted he looked at me with a cheese smile and after five second he repiles yes. and continued farting but the room seemed quiet too quite we looked a round to see that all the littlte biys and girls heard him too! their were to little girls standing at the entrance a little boy a few feet away from @PERSON3 and two other little kids by the slide.I guess they were shocked i started laughing to tears, ran out of the play room to go tell @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 what had just happen they too thought that it was hilarious.
