 I used to love hermit crabs. The cute little creatures who hid in their shells fascinated me. When I was about six my family decided to take a road trip along a @CAPS1 coastline. We were accompanied by another family with four kids. Put together there were @NUM1 kids for me to play with, but the closest one to my age was @PERSON1. He was only a couple years older than me. I adored @PERSON1. We explored, swam, giggled, and played tricks on our siblings together. Everything he did, I did.  We went to so many different beaches I can't remember half of them, but one in particular stood out. It was a short and slender beach. On one side there was a cave. The cave was loaded with hermit crabs. Never in my life have I seen so many of them. There were mini hermit crabs, great big hermit crabs, and even bigger hermit crabs! It was as if our dreams had come true. @PERSON1 and I created sand castles, prisons, and water channels to keep the hermit crabs contained. Our older siblings weren't interested in them at all. That was alright though, in our eyes it only meant more for us!  When it was time to leave, @PERSON1 and I were devastated. We both knew that we wouldn't just come across another beach like this is the future. It finally hit us that we wouldn't be able to keep our beloved crabs. We stayed down on the beach near the cave for hours just saying our "good byes". When my mom eventually yelled across the beach saying that it was time to go, we both had made a quick decision. I had watched girls stuff shells into there bathing suits before. I thought why not? @PERSON1 liked the idea, so we silently slid two hermit into our swim trunks. His crab in the pocket of his shorts, mine in my one piece swim suit. It sagged at the bottom, but I decided to ignore it and pretend like nothing was wrong. Guilt weighted down my scrawny little body, like I had stuck a ten pound rock in my suit, not a tiny little crab. My mom had asked me directly if I had left all the hermit crabs on the beach. I nodded, but my voice was absent.  Back on the road my sister and I played word games. Everything was fine, the music playing, my parents talking. and our wheels rolling down the narrow dirt road.Every once in a while I would have to move a little because I could feel my little hermit crab checking out his surroundings. We had been driving for about an hour when I let out a blood curdling scream. As my dad slammed on the brakes dust swirled around the car like a hurricane. I remember my mom swiveling in her seat to look at me and ask what was wrong. I didn't answer. As the pincers grabbed on again, I let out another urgent scream. I then decided it was time to quit hiding my little friend in the bottom of my swimsuit. Letting out the last prolonged scream I pointed down to my crotch. My sister's urgent hands pulled my swimsuit off and quickly found the little devil. I was so embarrassed and guilty that my mom just laughed. She said that I had already gotten my punishment for lying, and that she thought I had learned my lesson. I sure wasn't going to disagree on that. A few minutes later, our friends pulled over too. When we asked if everything was okay, they said while laughing, that one of the girls had gotten pinched by @PERSON1's hermit crab. That sent all of us laughing.  We never stopped laughing about that story. My family loves to humiliate me in front of friends, guys that I like, or adults that I don't even know. Every time my mother says that that crab grabbed right onto "where it counts" we all bust out laughing. And every time I turn tomato red in embarrassment, but I guess I deserve it.  @PERSON1 and I both learned our lessons, although I think I learned a few extra lessons. First of all, never put and animal near your "sensitive" parts. The second lesson was don't lie, because eventually you will most likely be be caught and punished. The last lesson would have to be to learn how to enjoy something when you have it and when it is time to let it go, let whatever it is let it go, and be grateful for the time you got to enjoy it. If I would have been able to just say good bye to my shelled friends, I would have never lied or felt so much pain. They were all great lessons to learn, and I am very grateful for them. Not only because I became a little wiser, but also because I have a great story to tell that always sends people up in laughter.
