 It seems like everyday of everyone's life they are being tested in every way shape and form and it seems like it will never end. It gets to be stressful and complicated but this is what makes us human. Something else that makes us human is laughter but no matter how bad things get to be it can always be changed by a knock knock joke, comic ad, or just one word from a best friend. Iv been with my dad and a couple of his high school buddies as they are telling stories about some of the crazy stuff they did when they were in high school. My dad and his friend @CAPS1 went off into a story about when they bought a @NUM1 @LOCATION1 tempest for @MONEY1. It turned out to be the greatest life lesson and some of the funniest stories in my life.  This was my dad's second car he ever had with a @NUM2 and a @NUM3 speed anything was possible. It started out when my dad first drove it to school which didn't last long, because an hour later. @CAPS1 and my dad left doing a burn out on speed bumps in the school parking lot. This car was a burn out animal backing up then side stepping the clutch to second and it would all be up in smoke. One day my dad was sliding around gravel corners and one of the rear bias ply tires blown out it thrown that car into the ditch and messed up the side pretty bad. Joe enders pulled him out and half a gallon of dera glass a hammer and a can of paint later it was ready to go again.  The next story I heard was when my dad's friend borrowed the car he needed something to get him back and forth to work. So my dad hands him the keys and says "keep it on @NUM3 wheels". Two weeks later on a weekend he was out messing around and the car slid off the road and rolled a few times and buckled the roof. I never heard how he got out but somehow he did and returned the car to my dad. After that it had an organ transplant of a roof from a @CAPS2 that hit a tree, @NUM5 weeks later and it's ready to go again. Now it's just something about a rear wheel drive car and snow that makes us kids again. sliding around in snow was the last thing this car ever did. My dad and @CAPS1 were driving in the snow having fun when the back end decided to trade places with the front. They lost control as they slid across the winter wonderland to a lonely telephone pole. The car slid into the pole and it was the end of fun. Finally the car had died and my dad had brought the car back home. He decided not to fix it and parted it out he sold the @NUM3 speed for @NUM7 @MONEY1 the engine for @NUM8 and the rear end for @NUM9 the trunk and hood weren't far behind for another @NUM9 the seat, steering column and radio my dad kept, the rest was scrap. So all in all my dad had some of the greatest moments of his life for no more than gas money and a few spare parts. God bless @LOCATION2 and I hope someday soon I can have memories like that. 
