                                                The Laughter In @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are so many elements in a person's life that are important. Many are to make friends, be successful, but mostly to find happiness. Everyone wants happiness in their life right? The biggest form of happiness comes from your heart. Many believe that laughter comes from your heart and is believed to make you and others around you truly happy. One element to laughter being important in a relationship would be optimism to your partner and friends. This shows people that you aren't just a pessimistic, rude, unhappy person all the time. You can actually enjoy life and have a good time.After all no one wants to hang out with someone who is always negative and only looks at the bad things. Your partner will get sick of you and you will lose friends. Being able to laugh and joke around with people makes life a whole lot easier.It @MONTH1 not seem like much but it takes some stress off your shoulders if you have a good time and kick some giggle's. Another reason why laughter is so important in a relationship would be the sound of your laugh. What if you get a boyfriend our girlfriend and they had never heard your laugh before and once they heard your laugh they thought it was the most annoying thing in the world? Studies show they would be more than likely to leave you. On that note, if you do have a terribly annoying laugh and that is the reason you dont want to laugh, I would stick with smiling because us girls have pretty cute smiles that let us get away with alot. Lastly, @CAPS2 is one more main part of laughter being important in a relationship and that is happiness. You need to laugh to to be happy. Without laughter what is a smile? Without laughter how will happiness shine through? Lif e can get pretty boring when all you do is act like a mime. No smiling, no laughing, not fun! When you laugh, it helps others to laugh and have a good time. Plus, its fun! Like when you laugh so hard you cry or when you need to go to the bathroom really bad and it makes it worse when you start busting up laughing. Laughing makes memories. And memories are a very important part of growing up. So now that you have learned these three elements as to why or how laughing is important to anyones life, relationship or friendship, go out and laugh. It will make you feel a whole lot better. :)
