                          Laughing is the key of happiness. Is a moment that is remember by many people. You share many laughs with friends, family and sometimes strangers. When you laugh with someone it shows that you have something in common; you both think something is funny and it could build a strong relationship. For me laughing means a lot, i laugh everyday. I will not forget the time when i was really mad at my dad and then laughter fixed the problem. One night me and my dad were in my house in the kitchen and he was arguing with me about my grades. I told him I could still fix them that there was a solution. He was calling me a liar, and more anger kept on building up. He was so hard headed and I couldn't get through his thoughts. He was saying that i could not fixed what i have done: whats done is done. I was getting really mad, I wanted him to go away and i thought i was not ever going to talk to him. We had a lack of trust and i just wanted to tell him he was wrong. I knew he would have got more mad and we were gonna end up screaming at each other. It got me so mad that he couldn't listen. My dad said he wanted the best from me, and he was disappointed. I got really sad because my dad was the kind of guy that was all ways telling jokes and teasing everyone. He always made my day by making me laugh. Usually when he would get me in trouble, it would end up with a joke at the end. The jokes he made when i was sad or mad would build our relationship stronger; we would always end up laughing. Later the night we were with all my family cutting my niece's cake and me and my dad were not talking. As we were singing happy birthday i would glare at him and look down. He was looking at me as if he was all tough. Then we were all saying "-í@CAPS1 le sople!", which means blow out the candles in @CAPS2. All of the sudden my uncle blows out the candle on accident and me and my dad stared at each other and laughed so hard. We were crying of laughter and we couldn't stop laughing. It felt great laughing at the same thing and sharing a moment together and putting aside our anger. My dad would try not to laugh but the more he tried the louder his laugh was. It was only me and him who stayed laughing, everyone else giggled. As it was making my dad and my relationship better it build a connection between my family and I. Its a memory that's gonna last a life time, yet it was an important part of my dad and my relationship. Although he was still upset about my grades it was all better. There was a connection between us and we could still look back and laugh about it. I don't know what it was about the night that i found the incident so funny. As it was making my relationship stronger, the distance between me and him didn't matter it was all build up on the memory. Something me and him both share, building a part of him and a part of me. Our problem wasn't fixed but it was as if it was not important, as if laughing made you change and helped us put it aside. Every laughing moment we have now is something me and him share, its now a connection. We both can laugh about the same things and share our thoughts making us stronger. Telling me that while me and him laugh about things is just putting more the negatives away and giving life more meaning. When you know you're happy is when you have a sense of humor. Also when you have those moments with others that you will never forget. The moment when you made laughing an important part of your pass. When all those funny moments become important because that's when you showed you were happy. Its even better when you laugh most of the time because your memories will be all remembered as a happy moment. I know at times i will have moments where i am not laughing, but the key is to always look at the bright side. Even though me and my dad were mad at each other its a memory that will carry on with me forever.
