 Everyone laughs differently , some people laugh so hard that they cry, and some don't. But one thing that they have in common is laughter. People use laughter as a way to express their feelings of joy, or happiness, or even if something is just really funny to them. Laughing is a great way to feel happier about something for instance maybe you are having a bad day and then one of your friends comes up to you and tells you a funny joke. It makes you feel better, right? Having a good sense of humor is something that can help you get through tough situations, embarrassing things, or even like I said just a bad day. Being able to laugh at yourself and even something that you might have done that was embarrassing is a good thing, it can help you get over it and not be so embarrassed about it. Whenever I laugh I always feel better, laughing reminds me of all the good things in life. Laughing reminds me of good times I have spent with friends and family, it reminds me of all the inside jokes my friends and I have come up with over the years and that we can still laugh at just as hard as we used to. I believe that laughing is enjoyable for everyone it can make you feel better no matter what and some people even say that laughing makes you younger. When you laugh at things it creates long lasting memories that you will never forget and when you talk about them again in the future you will still think it is just as funny as before. Some of my best friends laugh at everything, they think that every little joke is the funniest ever, their laughs are unforgettable you can always hear them laughing. Which in another way shows how laughter can make anyone happy. If you believe that you are not a funny person, just say something to one of them and I can guarantee that they will laugh at it and you will feel funny and most likely start laughing as well.  I enjoy getting to spend quality time with some of my closest friends, and probably the best time I had with them was when we went to @ORGANIZATION1 for the beginning of @DATE1 before going into high school. It was two days after our promotion (graduation) from middle school. We packed up my family's car and headed out for @ORGANIZATION1. Not even half-an-hour into the car ride and we are already cracking up laughing at every little thing going on. We always create great memories and this one was already in the books for one of the best. I am sure that the car ride for my mom and aunt was just as fun, we sang songs and danced (as much as we could buckled down in a seat) to as many songs as we could fit in those two hours. Of course during the car ride we got stopped by construction so we decided to jump out of the car and do a @CAPS1 fire drill around it. All the others cars watched and laughed at us even the construction workers though it was funny. We made a boring moment fun. Once we finally got there we did not hesitate to drop off our bags and grab our bikes and take off and explore. The weather was so nice, not a cloud in the sky. During our exploration bike ride we laughed, told jokes, and just talked about how excited we were to be out of middle school and moving on to high school. The next day we decided that we wanted to float down the river on a raft, sounds like a fun idea. Well it would be if we actually knew where we were going, I used to do it all the time with my family so I had an idea of where to go, but still five girls two rafts and a river, maybe not such a good idea. During the whole river raft trip we jumped back and forth between the two rafts occasionally splashing each other with the oars. Knowing us we laughed the whole way down the river. Whenever we passed people I'm sure they thought something was wrong with us by how much we were laughing and enjoying each others company. By the time we finished the rafting trip we were hungry good thing my mom had prepared us some lunch for when we got home, when we sat down at the table we could never keep a straight face. What made it even funnier was that my aunt and my mom didn't know what we were laughing at because we could just look at each other and laugh. You know you have built a good friendship when you can just look at each other and laugh, already knowing what your friend is thinking because of all the inside jokes you have with each other. All because of one little thing called laughter.                                     
