 Before my best friend moved away, we would stay up at night just laughing for no reason at all. I don't know what would get us started, but it would not stop until our stomachs hurt so bad from laughing that we just fell asleep. On these nights, her mom would come in around @TIME1 and ask us nicely to please quiet down, which just made us laugh more. When we are together, it is quite dangerous to be around. We have gotten so close that we are practically sisters in a way. Laughter is important in all of my relationships. I grew up in a large family where laughter is key, and positive attitudes were expected.  Over the @DATE1, @CAPS1 and I work together, so we have lots of time to get our thinking on the same track. If we are on a short car ride and we want to go somewhere, we make it happen. We are very good at manipulating our elders, a skill acquired from years of practicing on @CAPS2. All it takes is one look to see what the other is plotting, then a laugh will follow, letting the manipulated know that it is doomed, or very soon to be. Our schemes are generally harmless, possibly just a little side ache from being tickled too hard. It does not help that we are both small, strong, and packed full of energy, just waiting for the right person to come along. @CAPS1 and I find ways to stir up mischief all around us, whether it be jumping out from behind corners or taking the manager's keys.  When I go somewhere, I am generally aiming for positive places with an upbeat atmosphere and people that make me happy. I dislike and avoid places I don't enjoy, I am one to make jokes or be sarcastic when things are too quiet or too serious. Serious environments intimidate me, @CAPS6 are out of my comfort zone. Laughter brings people together, and it lightens people's moods. Nobody likes the awkward situations where no one is saying anything, so I generally will break the silence with a blond joke or something.  I was flying home to @ORGANIZATION2 from @LOCATION3, @CAPS3 and met a couple great people on the way. When I boarded the plane I looked around for a place to sit then decided on the seat between an elderly woman and a man who resembled my father (I was alone on the flight). I thought, for the next hour I will be with these people, so I had better make it something to remember. The man had helped me get my carry-on into the overhead storage, which was very nice of him. The elderly woman and I started talking, and the subject of horses came up, and when horses come up in conversion, @CAPS6 are usually paired with lots of falling stories. She talked about this @CAPS4 horse called @CAPS4 @CAPS5, how he had a mind of his own, and how he would do things his way. The problem with horses is this: @CAPS6 know that @CAPS6 are a slight deal bigger than us, and can really do as @CAPS6 please, but most choose to listen as @CAPS6 don't like to be corrected. I told about my first few rides, and how I didn't know much besides how to steer the massive animal beneath me. Before we knew it, we were landing in @LOCATION1, and my new friends got off the plane.  When my plane landed in @LOCATION1, I figured I would be flying to @ORGANIZATION2 sitting alone. After a few minutes, a teenage girl got on and sat next to me. The first thing she did was offer me a piece of gum, which I accepted. The first bit of the ride was quiet, but after awhile the crying baby got annoying to listen to so we started talking. She was flying to @LOCATION2 to her dad's house. We talked about our families and hobbies, and had a good time. After we flew into @ORGANIZATION1, I welcomed myself back home, I was back in the eternal rain state, and couldn't see anything besides clouds out of my window. Laughter is all around us, and there are always things to laugh about, look on the bright side of life. People are more attracted to those who can make them laugh, so get a sense of humor and you will be in good company. Giggles and smiles make the world go around, so keep laughing. 
