 My friends and I have a relationship that can not be matched. We do everything together and we always have each others back. A key element in our relationship is laughter. If we did not laugh with and at each other, we would most likely be at each others throats. We do many things that turn out in raging laughter, but there was one particular event that occurred that did not seem humorous at first, but as the event came to an end it quickly became humorous.  The story starts at @TIME1 as i arrived at the school to depart on a grueling five hour bus ride to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 for a wrestling tournament the following day. I slept for a solid @TIME1 hours before being awoken by my coach screaming at someone for spilling soda on the bus. We were almost in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 so i just turned on my @CAPS5 and listened to music the rest of the way. When we finally arrived at our @CAPS13, we were instructed to go work off some extra weight before we could eat dinner.   After we had finished working out, we set off to get some dinner that way long overdue at this point. I was with my best friends, @CAPS6 and @CAPS7, both with appetites as big as mine. We past many fast food restaurants, but we did not want any old burger, we wanted the masterpiece that is called a @ORGANIZATION1. We had heard rumor that there was a @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS8 establishment somewhere in @CAPS1 @CAPS2, so we set out on our journey to @ORGANIZATION1.We walked a good two miles along a highway, and took a few random alleys that we thought were shortcuts. I started to feel like we should go back and search more around the @CAPS13, but against my better judgment we trudged forward towards where we thought the marvelous @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 was.   We soon found ourselves in an unknown part of town. We walked as quickly as possible to avoid the awkward stares from the people outside of their houses and the people roaming the streets. We tried to crack jokes to lighten the mood and to help ease the pain of realizing that we were tragically lost in @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Stupidly, we all forgot our cell phones back at our @CAPS13 so we had no way to call for help. We started walking back the way we thought we had come, but all we saw were more old, weathered houses and buildings that were completely unfamiliar. We were all scared, but we masked our fears in hopes of not starting a state of panic.  We were all guessing that is was about nine-thirty, and we had to be back before ten to go to bed. This sent us into a panic more that anything. Our minds filled with images of our coach screaming at us with all his might, then making us run an agonizing five miles. We started frantically running down streets and alleys in hopes of seeing a familiar scene. After not seeing anything, and running for about ten minutes, we regrouped and continued walking. The fear that was once masked, was now clearly visible in all of our faces.   We came upon a digital billboard that displayed the time, and temperature. We only had ten minutes to make it back to our @CAPS13 or our fate was sealed. We began running again praying that we would arrive back on time. As we ran, we came upon the side of a big @CAPS13. We did not know the name of the @CAPS13 we were staying at, so we decided to ask the person inside if they knew where it could be. The lady at the front counter informed us that were were now at the @CAPS13 @NUM1, but she had just started her shift and did not know where we could be. As we thanked her and walked out the door, we were greeted with a strong slap to the head. we turned in shock to see our coach, red at a beat, pointing at his watch. We had almost made it, only @TIME1 minutes late.   after being screamed at for a solid twenty minutes, he sent us up to our room to sleep for the long day ahead of us. I was about to crawl in bed when i glanced out the bedroom window and saw what my heart so deeply longed for; the marvelous @ORGANIZATION1. My friends and I immediately broke into hysterical laughter. We had gotten lost searching for the treasure that is @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, and it turned out the treasure was in our own back yard. We hardly got any sleep that night due to all of the ironic laughter and the thoughts of what had just taken place. I never got to sink my teeth into one of those tasty, succulent @ORGANIZATION1, but we did have a very funny and ironic experience that still makes me laugh to this very moment.
