                                           "Laughter" Laughter is a very big part of my life. I love to laugh, whether it is about something, at something, about someone, at someone, a funny event, a funny face, or just a funny joke. I heard once that the more you laugh the longer you live; if that is true I'm gonna live forever. I'm going to tell you a story about laughter because it is a big part of my life.  I laugh the most when I am with my family and friends. They are all very funny people that are cracking jokes any chance they get. There hasn't been one family gathering or friend hangout where I didn't laugh. A very funny moment in my life that I will never forget is the time my sister and I were starting to get to know our new step-mom, @CAPS1.We were all playing this game where one person throws a football into a group of people, and whoever catches it gets the amount of points the thrower calls out. We were all getting points left and right; however, @CAPS1 wasn't doing so hot. She came up with a plan that she said would make her win. Actually, it just ended with all of us on the floor crying from laughing so hard. I had thrown the ball and called out "@NUM1 points!" @CAPS1 turned around. My eyes opened wide. Shayna screamed in laughter as @CAPS1 had pulled down her pants to moon us. The foot ball hits the grass, as do all of us.We laughed until our stomachs ached and our eyes watered. I really think that moment brought all of us closer together. I believe laughter brings everyone closer together.  My boyfriend and I are very close because we laugh all the time; it is a very big part of our relationship. Just think for a minute. All the emotions that we humans have and deal with on a regular basis, which one is truly universal? We can love, cry, feel hate and disrespect. Most of us have sympathy and empathy, but the one true feeling we humans share with and between another person is a smile along with laughter. If you can give a person a reason to laugh, then you have connected and made a mile into an inch. It's even bigger than that. The internet has provided us in ways to reachout through laughter. Not just in miles, but in counties. You-tube is a social network of laughter. I have put many funny videos on you-tube and watched many that made me laugh. One day I made this video of my friends and I playing @CAPS5. It was so funny I thought I would put it on you-tube. I shared it with my mom who laughed very hard. She shared it with family who shared it with co workers who shared it with there family and friends.They all laughed.Laughter is all around. Laughter can start in one place like @PERSON1 and reach out all the way to @LOCATION1.  Laughter also isn't always a good thing. People can go from laughing at a funny joke to laughing and making fun of a kid on the play ground. Laughter doesn't always feel good, if you're the one being laughed at. I don't like to think of laughed that way. I like to remember all the times I laughed and shared that special moment with a loved one.  Laughter is in my everyday schedule. I would have to write a book in order to tell you all the times that laughter was one element in my life because it happens every day. I enjoy laughter. I hope you do,too.
