I would say laughter is something that comes from the heart. But really it is what is on the inside and how you really feel about the person and,how they feel about you,@CAPS1 that person makes you laugh you know that they really love you and care about you. @CAPS1 you make someone laugh and they make you laugh then you are with the one and only true person.Laughter is from the heart and soul. @CAPS1 that person Tell's you something that makes you laugh then it is true between you two. Feelings,@CAPS2, @CAPS3 is a lot between two people. @CAPS3 is from the soul and down deep with in your body. as my mom would say @CAPS3 helps clear the mind and body , but what i really think is that @CAPS1 some one makes you laugh they see the real side of who you really are and what you can become. you laugh about all kinds of things like jokes, funny videos, funny stories, and more. But the real thing is that at least someone make you laugh. @CAPS1 it say it is the important part of any relationship what it is trying to say or make a point of is that you need to laugh in your relationships and, have fun. But my thought about @CAPS3 is that you clear your mind and you have to listen about things and,then @CAPS4 it is funny then you start @CAPS3 about it. Here is what my mom use to says to everyone is that "@CAPS4 you have not laughed at all today then you do not have a clear head or body". There are times in peoples lives where they just laugh and laugh and have a hard time stopping that, i think @CAPS3 is just a feeling that people have. You @MONTH1 tell funny jokes that make people laugh but sometimes they do not even make any since at all. You could be out with a bunch of your friends and at a party and you are just standing around and then you start @CAPS3 because one of them decided that is was to quite and we all needed a laugh. There are sometime you can play a game that is really funny and you have to make funny things or even do crazy stuff, but it all comes down to one thing and one thing only you need a laugh once and, a while. I mean don't everyone need a laugh, I tell my self almost everyday that @CAPS4 I don't laugh then I did not clear my mind or soul. But is it really about me no it is not. @CAPS1 you say you need a laugh people look at you like you are crazy but you really aren't. What you are really trying to say is can you can tell something funny then people will understand what you mean. I have been told funny things over the past few years but im a teenager what do you think i will remember them all. I am just like everyone else I will forget them over the years real easy. I not all that smart but after I think about it for a few min I finally under stand the joke. I know I am a @CAPS5 but I have those days where I am saying what to people what are you talking about, then they look at me and, they just say wow! you really are @CAPS5 and I also have @CAPS5 jokes about me and I really do not mind @CAPS1 people tell @CAPS5 jokes to me. Cause I am not affected at all I got use to it. @CAPS1 I heard my first @CAPS5 joke I had to stop and, think about it for a few mins then after about an hour I realized that they where trying to tell me that it was me. Then I walk up to them and I was like "@CAPS6 I finally got that joke and, then I was like what a really good joke. @CAPS1 you have a laugh for the first time is because that someone special either made you laugh or they tickled you. They might even tell you a very funny story about themselves, or someone that is related to them. @CAPS1 you laugh is like your showing your feelings and, @CAPS2 to that person, because @CAPS4 you do laugh then it is just like wow you are really lost on what they where trying to tell you. I will always tell my self @CAPS4 i need a laugh or something to either call my friends up or just look in the mirror every morning. because for some odd reason i think i am just really funny looking. most people think that @CAPS4 you look at your self and make funny faces in the mirror you will laugh non stop. the reason i laugh is because i see or hear something really funny o just wanna laugh so much. @CAPS4 i have a good day or a good weekend i laugh a lot
