 There was a memory of mine that was full of laughter and fun. Then it also turned into a serious and none joking around madder. It all started on a @DATE1 @TIME1, my brother @ORGANIZATION1 called me and told me to come come over I hadn't been over at my moms house in a while. I replied yeah sure man ill be over in a hour. I jumped in my truck and headed to my mothers house.While on the way I stopped to get some gas at the gas station. Fifteenth minutes later I arrived at my moms house. once arrived my brother was out side waiting for me. @ORGANIZATION1 came up to the truck and helped me with my bag and the door. Once I was in the house I walked over to the kitchen saw my @CAPS1, and gave her a hug, and asked her how she was doing? She replied, I'm alright hunny, then asked me what was new, with myself? I said nothing much @CAPS1, hanging out trying to stay out of trouble. I asked her is there anything she needed me to do? Or needs to be done? My om named off a couple things that needed to be done around the house. After she was done telling me some of the things i headed to my room to change into my work cloths, then headed out side. I grabbed my brother on the way because he was going to help me out. While we were down at the garage @ORGANIZATION1 brings up the fact that I haven't been there in a while he said party tonight. I replied ok. While I was done working on the garage, my dad came down and said the fence needs to be fixed, so we moved the tractor over and fixed the fence. Its was @NUM1 at night already people were already showing up.  When we got to the house my @CAPS1 comes out and says, what you guys doing out here? Get in the party already, it's a full house there were @NUM2 people in my moms house that night. Drinking and just having a good time. When i walked up to the living room i noticed the girls were making food for the guys while the guys were playing drinking games. There were a couple games going on, for example there was beer pong, shots, and beer bong. There was always someone that wanted to beat the drinking record in the house, to be the best drinker. The drinking record in the house for one night of drinking was @NUM3 shots and @NUM4 beers. To this day the record still stands and the person who holds the record is me. I look over at shots and a friend of my @CAPS1 said i wanna challenge you. I said ok. It did not end up well @NUM5 shots, and the guy that was against me was passed out on the table.  Hours later everyone was sleeping but me, my brother and one of our friends. We were out side chewing while @ORGANIZATION1 was peeing on his dads car. All of the sudden I look over and @ORGANIZATION1 is puking all over on the ground. I laughed so hard i feel over because the look on his face while smiling when he was throwing up. My friend @PERSON1 and I took @ORGANIZATION1 down stairs to his bed put him to sleep and went back up stairs, to lay down. Before we when it the door opened and it's @ORGANIZATION1 he wanted to say he loves us and good night. We replied thanks bro same to you. Less that thirty seconds later We heard oh crap and a loud noise falling down the stairs, it was @ORGANIZATION1. The next @TIME1 I woke up and I did not feel so good, I told my @CAPS1 about it. She said ok well ill make you some food. So she did I did not feel better so I just went home to sleep. I opened my door I saw my @CAPS1 at my house and said, @TIME1 @CAPS1. She replied you drank? I said yes, and i don't feel so good. she said ok well ill take you to the doctor if it does not get better. A month went by of me not eating right or drinking, so i went to the doctor and they told me i messed up my liver so bad I had the liver of a @NUM6 year old, all i remember was crying and saying to my @CAPS1 never again. I realized drinking and having fun is all ok until someone gets hurt. The doctor told me if i was to drink again I could die, I made the best choice of my life there i believe. To this day I have not drank any alcohol at all it has been a year and @NUM7 days. Laughing and having a good time is great but there are always some thing that go wrong, @CAPS2 under age drinking is aloud at my moms house now.
