 Laughter @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Laughter I believe can snatch me out of the awful crater which I hide away in. It creates a bubble of joy in the pit of @CAPS1 stomach, and it finally bursts joy throughout me. Laughter feels like a @DATE1 day hearing the bugs hum with the warm breeze, and knowng I am able to float up into the cotton candy clouds, then not realizing I'm laughing at everything I do. Laughter flips @CAPS1 gloomy days upside down, and makes me realize every reason I have to be happy. Sixth grade is a big mile stone in everyone's @CAPS2. Getting lockers, having more freedom, being able to be around older kids, and so much more. I always had a dream of laughing with @CAPS1 old best friend and giving boys our numbers, except it all changed when she moved away. No one talked to me or hung out with me at school. @CAPS1 old best friend never left @CAPS1 side no matter what, so it was uncomfortable walking thruogh the crammed hallways of a huge school with just air breezing by me.  School became unpleasent to go to everyday for eight hours. Most sixth graders don't like school because of the homework and would rather social with other classmates, but not me. I felt alone when other sixth graders (mainly girls), made jokes about @CAPS1 appearence or how I always got good grades in school. They would steal the projects that I made and worked really hard on. They also took books, papers, and supplies like pencils and pens. I learned new formulas and facts, but never did I learn how to socialize with other peers. Three quarters went by of @CAPS1 sixth grade year and I felt alone like suddenly the rest of the world shriveled up and died, or moved far far away. At night, @CAPS1 eyes would spew gallons of salt water tears down @CAPS1 face splashing @CAPS1 pillows. @PERSON1 was @CAPS1 other best friend and never teased me or talk behind @CAPS1 back, but she stuck to the people who did. It overwhelmed me walking near the group of girls who would put other people down, but hid it with their cartain acts around specific people. They would tell other students rumors about innocent people and how gross and weird they were. I didn't want them telling people rude comments about me, so I ignored them the best I could by doing activities on @CAPS1 own. A girl from the other elementary school noticed @CAPS1 loneliness at school and decided to talk to me. I was shy and felt @CAPS1 stomach starting to do flips which was never a good sign. All I could do before I looked like a scared kitten was smile and nod. She told me that next lunch I should come hang out with her and her friends, but those girls were the girls who teased me. The next lunch I went with her feeling sweaty-hand nervous the entire time. Once I started talking to them about myself they just smiled and said I was adorable and a really awesome person, which made me smile from cheek to cheek. It felt good to smile for the first time in a long time. A couple of days later, the girls told other sixth graders I was a goody two-shoes that is so dreadfully boring. @CAPS1 smile faded quickly once I heard those rumors that spread through @CAPS1 class like a disease. @PERSON1 left the group of girls one day at lunch to talk to me about what had happened. I told her how I felt about what those girls did to me and how it felt like the world always would agree with whatever they said. She confessed to me that she truly didn't know why she was hanging out with them in the first place. I was relieved to hear her say those words and for her to not agree with what that group was saying about me.  The girls who talked bad about me behind @CAPS1 back were left to do whatever they desired, while @PERSON1 filled the breezy air by @CAPS1 side with laughter. Together we laughed at everything that amused us. Sometimes we would even laugh at each other during boring assemblies or at a ridiculous person attempting an act that everyone knows they cannot do. When she had a bump in the road in @CAPS2 I supported her and did what a true friend would and just laughed at how dumb the other person was being just to make her laugh at the situation. In other words laughter pulled me out of @CAPS1 awful pit I hid away in and made me find @CAPS1 true friends in @CAPS2. Laughing has made me forget bad times and people, and has made me realize when they bring me down I have a million reasons to laugh until I have to gasp for a sip of air. Laughter has been a huge part of any relationship for me because I can have an enjoyable time.  
