When i meet new people its like alright cause everyone needs friends like people say friends come and go true friends wouldnt go. I remember i met this beautiful girl name @PERSON1 to me she was not just a friend i knew i wanted to have a life with her and be with her people say love cant come true but turn that upside down cause its the other way around love doesnt go love comes from up above. I remember when i first talk to her it was like god was there telling me that she is the one for me and i knew i can save her from getting hurt from love. when i first looked into her eyes it was like i felt the way her heart was feeling it was falling apart so i told her your heart wouldnt be broken in half cause ill replace it with mine i told her your the one that i want the one that i need the one that i gotta have to succed i wanna know you like no one else can know you your name is forever like a tattoo in my heart your the apple to my tree that will never be cut down i wanna stand with you on a mountain and show you that im different than other guys im faithfull like no one else can be. Your amazing just the way you are i woundnt change nothing about you cause i love everything about you i love your eyes i love your smile i love your personality so i told her take a chance on me i know you been threw so much but dont let that come between so she said yes she was so happy it was like her dream came true for her a guy that can show her that there not like the others a guy thats always faithfull and honest and truly and that will never lie or cheat. So i told her shes my superhuman she was so happy that i came into her life she said i changed her whole life and she changed mine too. my heart belongs to you no one else cause if your not the one that has my heart than my heart will just be a toy and brake it. i told her she will never be so cold i will always warm up her day and night with my arms and my body temperture i told her all my wishes came true your the one for me im finally not lonely now i got you so i told her its like shes finally my wifey. I told her every girl i dated played with my heart they were not being true to me i was not living my life the way i wanted it to be so one day i told myself is that girl even in this planet the one thats always honest, faithfull, truly, trust and that will never lie or cheat so i told myself ill keep looking for that special girl and now i can say i found her cause that girl name is @PERSON1. i told her she will never be sad no more or have a million tears running down her precious little face. i told her i will always be one phone call away not two but one. she was so happy when i said that she is my paradise my whole wide world she finally made my dreams come true i just want it to be me and you no one else trust me ill trust you our love will never die it will never fall our love will always be alive our love will stand high tell it hits sky high tell the sun doesnt shine anymore. I'm crazy for her shes crazy for me she has the key to my heart and only she can open it i finally know what love feels like. she made all my bad days into good days i will never brake her heart she wouldnt brake mine either i told her the sun doesnt shine forever but when it doesnt shine just look at the stars cus they are still shining and our star is the biggfest one in the sky. To me you will never be gone you will always be in my heart my love is strong for you sitting by the phone waiting for you to call me and you always do. To me your not just a friend your more than a friend your my angel, my girl, my shawty, my wifey, my everything till the world ends i realize my love for you is strong this is how it is ment to be. You're more than a friend to me your all i need and im glad i found you true story for ever
