 We couldn't control our selves, our eyes watering, and our stomachs hurting so much we can't move. I was choking on my words as I talk to my best friend @PERSON1. Every time we talked to each other some one would say something that we thought was funny and we would start laughing and laughing. When I look back on the things that we talked about most of what we said didn't make any sense at all and I don't know why we laughed so hard. One day at our bus stop @PERSON1 said something very funny and we laughed until the bus came. Than I said something funny and we laughed the whole bus ride to school. This happened almost every day for us. On this particular day we couldn't stop laughing not even when we got to our class room. Our @CAPS2 grade teacher had lots of pets in her class room and one of her pets was a tree frog named @CAPS1. That week was @PERSON1's and my week to take care of him. When we went to feed him @PERSON1 grabbed him and made him dance all over his cage. We both thought this was the most hilarious thing ever. Our eyes started watering and we were chocking on our words as we took our seats for class.  We laughed through the teacher giving instructions and while we were doing our class work. Eventually our teacher had to come up to us and tell us to be quite. This didn't stop us from laughing. We tried and tried to stay calm and do our work but we just couldn't stop. On this day lots of people in our class were chatty but no one was laughing as hard as @LOCATION1 and I were. We were so loud I thought the people in the class below us would hear us for sure.  It wasn't just us being loud it was the whole class. Our teacher stood in front of the class and yelled at us to be quite but that didn't stop us. In fact it made @LOCATION1 and I laugh even more. I thought I was going to pee my pants I was laughing so hard. Now @PERSON1 and I weren't the kind of girls who giggled quiet about things. We were the kind of girls who laughed really hard and loud with our eyes watering and our stomach muscles hurting us for the rest of the day. Our teacher wanted the whole class to be quite so she got in front of the class while we were doing our math problems. She told us to put down our pencils, push in our chairs and stand behind them, so we did. Then she told us to take a really big deep breath in, and we did. Next she told us to let out our breath as big as we cold. Lastly we were suppose to do that five times and then sit back down in our chairs and do our math problems silently with out talking to anyone. When @PERSON1 and I were taking our five deep breaths we did them very fast and very short to get them over with. We thought it was very funny and so did the rest of the class that saw us. The class started to laugh there heads off and the teacher didn't know what to do so she told us we would all have to stay in at recess if we didn't behave. Eventually the class settled back down and started doing there work quietly. Except for @PERSON1 and I. We kept laughing until the bell rang for school to be over.  We got on to the bus and started talking about how much fun we had that day and how funny it was when we were breathing really fast and not slowly like we were suppose to. Even to this day every time a teacher or someone tells us to take deep breaths for something @PERSON1 and I look at each and start laughing, and than we breath really fast. Now we are sophomores in high school and we still have times where we laugh uncontrollably for no reason at all. I think its just a part of being best friends with someone. Some times we even laugh all day long like our day in the @CAPS2 grade. Through out our friendship we have learned to be much quieter when we do our breathing and when we laugh during a class or something important. I believe that @PERSON1 and I will always be best friends and we will always have our laughing moments together weather it's in a class, on the bus, while we are driving, at college, or on the phone. Laughing is something that everyone needs to experience in there life time. Not a giggle or a small laugh out loud but a really hardy laugh were you can't control yourself, your eyes are watering and your stomach hurts to bad to move just like @PERSON1 and I did in @CAPS2 grade. 
