 Their are many joys in life, some are more relevant then the others, and some are so obvious you'd be stupid no to notice them. Have you ever just sat on your porch or stared out the window just to watch the sun rise, as you sat there pondering your life and its unusual qualities, you think of all the great memories, all the laughs you have shared, all the sorrows, all the pain ,and all the love and hate. Its not surprising that almost everyone has done just that and they wonder if they could change things, how would they do that, or would they leave it the way it started out, filling their life is complete and they are complete as well, not having any regrets.  For all the tears I have cried and all the pain I've been through there has always been a laugh to top the sadness. some time I to sit and pander my life, although i have not lived long and my real experiences are yet to come, I have been through a great deal in my short experiences, but it does not trouble me, for i have taken in what has happened during my time period and I have learned a great deal form it. I've learned that no matter how hard you try you can never fully plain your life theirs always going to be something or someone unexpected, all you can do is hope for the best and prepare for the worst. Its not hard to be happy, just keep an open mind and a light heart, and soon you will find yourself laughing with the rest of the world and enjoying your short time on this amazing planet we call @LOCATION1, so listen to your mother and father or even the person you look up to most in life.  There are many things that keep me going, like my boyfriend or my love for animals, but the most important thing i can think of isn't just one thing its a collection of things, such as love, laughter, new beginnings and old endings, a bright and new path (all you have to do is take it) , the relentlessness of the universe, and the idea that there @MONTH1 be other planets out there that sustain life, maybe even intelligent life. Its easy to find things to live for and even easier to find things to die for, hopefully you look for things to live for. I remember when it was hard and I thought I would never ever be happy and I felt like I wasn't right for this world and its many confusing aspects. I was at the end of my path or so I was making it out to be, but then something happened as I sat on the side of an old road. I looked up at the stars and thought what would i miss out on if I ended my path now, what would I dare to name my child or children for that matter if I even have the chance to produce any.Who would I marry if i marry, will our love last or fade like morning due. so I finally decided that there was to much i would not experience if I ended it this soon. after that fateful evening I went about my life slowly molding into a better person who wanted a bright future with a romantically new but burning love story to tell to my child or children, and with devotion, trust,and respect would hopefully last. but that's not all I would want my adventure to consist of. I would want to find peace of mind in a place where silence is a scarcity, I want to help bring out the possibility of sharing the world with animals not pushing them aside or abusing their natural right to be on this @LOCATION1 along side us, I want to solve the pollution problem that we humans have more then helped produce. i suppose in my small way i will because in just one person and a every small thing on this very big home of ours, but as small as I am what i do or say will make an impact. so if I want something to look back and laugh on i had bettered to what i consider my part and making this planet a shared and healthy planet.
