 Some people like making people laugh, I love it. I will do most anything to get a good laugh. I will make fun of my self, do insanely stupid things, and sometimes hurt myself (not in any serious way). When I was little I didn't really understand laughter. For some odd reason I could never tell the difference if people were laughing at something or laughing with it. I was kind of "special" in some areas as a kid (I still am today). Still at the tender age of five I loved making people laugh, and being special I would do even crazier things for a laugh. Mind you I was kind of a spaz, and a really big spaz. I was the most hyperactive five year old you will ever meet. For example one time I hit myself in the head with a hammer, another time I was dancing around in class with a pencil in my hand, stabbed myself in the head with it, and needed stitches. One of the craziest times though was a couple days before I had to take pictures and I wanted to go play outside, my mom knowing how "special" I was (I got it from her) wouldn't allow me to. The expert persuasive kid I was back then convinced her to let me go outside. Before I could even reach the street I fell head first on to the corner of the sidewalk leaving a huge mark and completely ruining the pictures. Although that might make some people laugh, this is a story about laughter not me being a spaz.  Now that you know that I love making people laugh, I'm "special", and that I'm a complete spaz I can get on with the story. Well I was in kindergarten and I loved school because I got to hang out with my friends and play with blocks, that might sound stupid but I was in kindergarten. The only thing I didn't like about kindergarten was bully's. Surprisingly I have never had a bully except kindergarten, but this was a bad bully. He would give me wedgies at story time and the whole deal (which was the best time to do so because the teacher could couldn't see). I still know the bully too, but he's no bully anymore, he's a goody two shoes now which I think is odd. Anyways, kindergarten was a very good year for me except one day (and every day I got a wedgies). That day is what this whole story is about, it's why I told you I love making people laugh, why I told you I'm "special", and a spaz, everything in the story circles around this one day, *dramatic pause* in kindergarten. It started out like any other day in kindergarten. I woke up, did my daily routine, hopped in the car, and headed to school. When I got to school I grabbed my daily binder and patted the education sign like a mall cop would pat the observe and report sign. I did all my work and colored (which was basically all my work). It came around break so we ran around the play ground and got are little snack. When we finished getting the last few drops out of our juice boxes we headed over to story time. We were all in the little circle (which was more like a deformed oval) listening to the story, right when I would get into the story and lose my guard I would receive an excruciatingly painful (for a five year old) wedgie. The story was almost finished and our five year old attention spans were wearing thin and we were getting all excited. The story finally finished and we were standing up, and this is where my memory starts to fade. I cracked a really funny joke and the whole kindergarten class erupted into laughter, me being a "special" spaz that can't tell if people are laughing at me or with me burst into tears. I remember balling my eyes out at the drinking fountain trying to hide my tears. One of the teachers tried to help me by telling me that they were laughing at my joke. It took me a couple minutes to stop crying but a little longer to realize the were not laughing at me.  To this day I still get reminded by classmates about that day, of course I can laugh about it now but that was in kindergarten, I'm in ninth grade now and for people to remember that is kind of crazy to me. It was a negative experience then, but it turned into a blessing in disguise. It made me grow into a better person, I can tell the difference of laughter and also be okay when people do laugh at me (doing dumb things to make people laugh at me is actually my forte). So remember, being "special" could sometimes be the best thing about you, what makes you who you are, what makes you great, what makes you grow, what makes people laugh.
