 Why is it that laughter can bring people so close together? Is it because laughing shows trust for one another, or is it simply because you understand each other. There many different kinds of laughter, like cracking a joke, or someone does something very embarrassing. The story that I will be telling is about how such a bad day for hunting turned into the funniest moments ever.   It all started in the @TIME1 when I woke up, and I had forgotten to put my wet clothes that were in the washer machine to the dryer. Now I had to dig through all my clothes up in my room and find camouflage clothes that weren't dirty, or were something that I could wear. By this time anybody would be in a bad mood, and trying rush to get out the door. When my buddy @PERSON1 showed up and was ready to go and I wasn't. I was rushing, and when you rush you are bound to forget something, and I had left my gun at the house. Five miles down the road I noticed that I had forgotten my gun, so we turned around and went back to go get it. Not only now we were late, we were speeding to the cabin for breakfast, @PERSON1 had the eggs so that we could make omelets. As we are racing down, we hit a bump in the road and everything, I mean everything hit the ceiling in the truck and then slammed to the floor. In doing this all the eggs broke in the egg carton, so now we had no eggs, and no eggs meant no breakfast.  Its about thirty minutes till shooting hours, and we are late showing up to the blind so that @PERSON1 and I can meet up with our other friends, @PERSON3 and @PERSON2. Finally we get to the blind right before sunrise and while we are getting all set up, a group of twenty mallards drop in unexpected and took off before we could get a shot off. Now were all thinking great their goes our opportunity to redeem ourselves from a terrible @TIME1. Only to find out that those ducks were the only ducks we saw all day.   At around twelve o'clock we gave up, and went back up to the cabin, but on the way up we got stuck in two inches of water in a truck. I remember thinking to myself, "@CAPS1 this is not really happening to us right now". So @PERSON3, @PERSON2, and I got out of the truck to push, and @PERSON1 stayed in the truck to drive. Their were many attempts to push the truck out, and finally on the sixth try we pushed the truck hard enough to get it out of the muddy water. Now the funny part, when we had broke the truck free @PERSON1 laid on the gas causing the truck tires to spin, and spray mud everywhere. When I saw the amount of mud being hurled everywhere I jumped behind @PERSON2 and used him as a shield from the mud. By this point @PERSON3, and @PERSON2 are @CAPS2 in a inch thick layer of mud from head to toe. You couldn't help but laugh, it was the funniest thing ever. @PERSON1 had watched it all through his rear view mirror and as soon as he was safe from getting the truck stuck again, he fell out of the truck because he was laughing so hard. Even @PERSON3, and @PERSON2 were laughing a bit too.  So when its a day when nothing goes your way or having bad luck, you never know what the day has planned for, in this case its one of the most memorable things I remember that happened that duck season.
