 The new trimester had started and leadership was my second period. With no idea of what the responsibilities of a leadership student were, I was skeptical on taking the class. After days of taking the class, I began to enjoy it more and more. After a week or so, the teacher announced we would be on stage helping set up and organize the upcoming assembly. I had never done anything of the sort so I was somewhat excited. Days went by and the entire class practiced setting up the assembly, running to our places, moving props, and stacking chairs. The day of the assembly finally arrived, it was time for the show. The students poured into their seats as we scurried around behind the curtains. Everything was set up perfectly. The curtains rose and the assembly began. My peers and I stood behind the stage watching the assembly unfold. The school band preformed a long boring set of songs, the curtains fell and the entire leadership class ran out on stage, picked up and stacked the chairs that the band just used. After, we all ran to get the bleachers and dragged them out to the front of the stage. The choir was now going to preform, we then retreated back behind the curtains.  The choir sang their songs, and we watched, but as they proceeded to set up for their last song, students moved around leaving a large open spot in the top row. With the choirs last song, they preformed a simple swaying dance to go along with their song. My leadership class friends and I, noticed this large open spot in the choir and thought it would be hilarious if one of us went up there and pretended to sing and dance. However, none of us had enough courage to do it. The choir finished their song and dance, the first assembly was over. We then cleaned up and got ready for the second assembly. It was time for the second assembly and everything was going to be preformed again. The students came in, sat in their seats, the band played, we stacked chairs and moved bleachers. It was time for the choir to come out and sing once more. The thought of how funny it would be to go up on the bleachers and dance came upon us once again. Finally we convinced one of our classmates to do it. She ran to the choir room and put on a choir robe, put her hair in a funny bun fixed on her forehead, and stepped up onto the bleachers.  She took the open spot in the top row. The song began as well as the dance. She broke into random dancing, not in any way matching up with the other dancing choir members. It was obvious she did not belong up there. The crowd soon began to realize what was going on. Laughter broke out in the seats, but soon after laughter broke out behind the stage as well. I was laughing like I had never laughed before. It was painful, tears pouring down my face, I was gasping for air. Running out of breath and bracing myself for a deep inhale, when right at that moment the song had a dead silent pause. The auditorium went completely silent, I inhaled in, and as I took in that air, my body managed to let out an extremely loud embarrassing screeching noise. People behind the curtain stared at me, I knew that it was heard throughout the auditorium. Embarrassed I laughed even harder, causing more pain, tears, and lack of oxygen.  The song ended followed by the end of the laughter, then by the end of the assembly. The girl stepped down from the bleachers and we all scrambled out of the building, hiding the robe along the way. We laughed all the way to our next period, listening to the students in the hallway talking about it. Giggles filled the school for hours. Talk of who it was, what actually happened, and why it happened were on everyone's minds, except for ours. The second period leadership students knew exactly what had happened. We had the pleasure of telling everyone in school about the dirty little details. The following days however, the teachers also got word of it. Not thinking our actions all the way through, we would soon have to face the consequences. We were told it was irresponsible and child-like. We had a plethora of possible punishments, in school suspension, @DATE1 school, a referral, an apology to the choir class, and loss of the privilege of being in leadership. After the school board talked to our parents and gave the event serious consideration, we got out of it with having one day of @DATE1 school and apologizing to the entire choir class. The school board, realized it was just a joke, letting us off easier than it could have been. In my eyes the prank was well worth it. For weeks on end, every night I would go to bed laughing about that leadership assembly.
