         The @CAPS1 and Benefits of @CAPS2 is really an important thing in life. Laughter lightens mood and makes you feel more happy. If people laugh more often their days are more happier, lighter and much more shorter. Little children are the ones who laugh more often. Making adults laugh is not very easy because they are more serious. There are a lot of stories that laughter is the important element. Laughter can connect with many other nice elements, such as being glad or happy. I have once read a story about a little girl named @CAPS3 who liked to make people glad. And through gladness, people were made to laugh more often. And through laughter, the sick people became healthier and stopped being sick. Laughter consists of many different factors. For example, being glad leads to laughing more, being happy, and of course smiling more. When you are felling down and some stranger for example smiles to you, you feel happier and maybe your mood is going to lighten. The morning dawned to be gray and rainy. The people of the household woke up irritable and grumpy. Everything was going up-side down. No one was smiling. The breakfast was a very monotonous one, because no one felt like talking. It seemed that the day is going to end like this.  @CAPS4 was also very grumpy this day. She didn't want to go to school at all. She was mad at everyone and everything. She was mad at rain. Rain was her worst enemy because then she couldn't go out for a walk with her friends. She was mad at her maid because she has forgotten to fill her pitcher with warm water, as she always did. She was mad at her little sister for taking her blue hair ribbons. To tell the truth, she was mad at everyone, and she has not even thought that if she had been more happier today, then everything will seem okay. Well, so, she still had to go to school, wanted she or not.  At school, the little teacher was merry as usual. She wasn't a bit grumpy, even if it was a rainy and gloomy day. Some of the student had the same mood as the teacher, but there were very few of them. The school work seemed endless to @CAPS4, especially her mathematics. But everything changed after the teacher has told everyone that it was story time. The story was about a little orphan girl who had to go live with her mean relatives. But she wasn't at all affected by their moods. She was very simple and always happy. Over a period of time, the people she was visiting (especially the sick and old) begin to be happy, just like her. And when she had to go away from that village, everyone was sad to see her go. With lightness of heart and being happy, the girl has left the most precious gift, being always happy which led to laughter more often. Even when she was gone, a passing stranger might always hear happiness and laughter. And it was even enjoyable to stay in that place a little while before continuing your journey. Because the passer-by's always felt themselves feeling much better in health, because of laughing. After the teacher has finished the story, @CAPS4 thought, why wouldn't she try to cheer her family up? Even though it was raining, it didn't mean that everyone should be gloomy. So after the school was finished, @CAPS4 ran home to cheer everyone up. In the @TIME1, when everyone was finished with their day's tasks and relaxing, there was laughter heard through the windows. Seems like @CAPS4 has found a way to lead laughter into her household too. The story she had heard earlier in the day has helped her today, and all through her long life. She has remembered this special rule of home happiness. And always in her home there was happiness and laughter even on really gloomy and dark days. We can see that this small factor, which doesn't seem to big @CAPS1 to us has made @CAPS4's life more happy. I hope that this little factor can help you too.
