Laughter is such a marvelous element to have in any relationship. For instance if you can't find any form of humor in a relationship than I'm pretty sure there is no strong connection between the two of you. For example I was in a relationship once where we didn't have that element of humor, and I truthfully did not enjoy that relationship that her and I had. Any type of relationship needs laughter rather its friendships, boyfriend or girlfriends, and even family. All different types of relationships need some form of humor to survive. Sometimes families don't have that humor for each other but they'll still have that special type of a friendship, the reason for that I believe is because your family will always be there for you unlike most friends would. One way I know this because one of my friends really liked a guy, I could have sworn she @MONTH1 have even loved him, when he told her that he started dating some girl, she had cried for weeks, than when she was at her moms house one of her brothers she believed hated her said he wants to hurt the guy that had made his younger sister cry. They @MONTH1 not of had a humorous friendship, or even a friendship at all, but I believe laughter isn't necessarily always needed especially within family. All types of relationships are like plants, the flower is the relationship and laughter is the water that will help the relationship grow big and strong. But without that water the plant wont grow, just like laughter in a relationship. I know that if I knew someone who I did not find to be humorous I know our friendship would not be very strong, unlike someone who I felt was hilarious. Laughter is always a important element in everyday life. For instance if you are going for a job interview you really need to connect with the person interviewing you and make a good impression for yourself. One way of doing that is through laughter, I have heard of many stories about job interviews, a example of one is my mom had a interview not to long ago for a @CAPS1 job and she told me about her interview and she said they had really connected. Their was also some seriousness and some laughter in that interview than three days later they emailed her and told her that she got the job and that they would love to hire her. and I have heard of interviews where they didn't get the job. My sister had a interview once for a pet kennel type of place where they drop their pets off there while they go on vacation, and she said that her and the person interviewing her had no connection which had led to no humor or laughter. So I believe humor is such a marvelous element to have within a relationship because with laughter comes greatness and happiness.
