 Have you ever felt really good after you laughed a lot? Well studies have shown that after you laugh you not only feel better, but it's a great way to lose calories. One time when I felt bad my cousin came over and made me laugh. It was a very important part of our relationship, she to only made the day better but put more energy in it. When people don't laugh how can you have as much fun?  Studies have shown laughing does a lot for your health. It increases a certain blood flow in your brain which helps a person to be more energetic and happy. It has also shown that laughing leads to a longer life span. Also every time a person laughs it helps a person burn calories. If it's healthy for you why not laugh a lot? Just think, if nobody laughed how would this world be? It would be dull and full of unhappy people, just like this one time when my cousin came over to see me.  One day I was feeling down and depressed. Nothing was going my way and it was ending up a very bad day. Then all of a sudden my cousin came to @ORGANIZATION1 and surprised me. I was in @ORGANIZATION1 one day after school and looking at some things when she came in @ORGANIZATION1 and snuck up in back of me and scared me. We both started laughing so hard. She made a bad day turn into a fun one. We had a movie night and ate candy and pickles all night. We made songs up and sang them. We had the best time of our lives. All night long we had this party. I don't know what would happen to everybody if none of us ever laughed.  If we didn't laugh then our relationship certainly wouldn't be as strong. It would seem like we were sad or depressed all the time. If their was no laughing I wouldn't look forward to seeing her as much if we just sat around and didn't laugh. Laughing for me is a huge part of having fun in any relationship. It shows your comfortable with the person and are having fun also. If you have ever been down and wanted to give up, you know that's not fun at all. But whether you watch a funny movie or talk to your friend and it makes you laugh, you know what joy it puts in your life. So laughing must be an important part of you life or in any relationship you have.  Overall laughing for me is one of the most important things a person can do to make another person feel welcome and comfortable around you. Also a great way to have fun and lose calories at the same time. If you need some happiness in your life then watch a funny movie or hang out with people that make you laugh.
