 I met my best friend @PERSON2 when we were in kindergarten. At the time we were both shy, and we looked to one another for comfort. Little did we know the acquaintances we made with each other would soon blossom into a wonderful friendship full of good memories, and plenty of laughter. Last @DATE1, my family took a trip to my grandparents' house in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3. My grandparents usually only used the house once a year in the @DATE2, so while they were home in @LOCATION4 my parents decided to take advantage of the empty house. Both of my siblings are in their twenties and are busy with college, so my parents invited @PERSON2 to attend. We were so excited, for this was our first time to @LOCATION3 together. @PERSON2 and I had many activities planned and I couldn't wait to show her around @ORGANIZATION1 (@LOCATION1 @PERSON1). The only downside of the trip was that we would be driving, we would be in the car for about @NUM1 hours. I had known this since we used to go to @ORGANIZATION1 a lot when I was little so I brought along a notebook that we could draw in and write in. By the time we got to @ORGANIZATION1 that notebook had been filled from cover to cover with drawings and funny sayings that @PERSON2 and I had quoted each other for. @PERSON2 and I have an odd kind of humor, we think everything is funny when were together. It can be the most ridiculous thing and we will burst out laughing and no one will know why.  Finally, a good @NUM1 hours later we arrived in @LOCATION2, it was late though and we had to unpack, therefore I wouldn't be showing @PERSON2 around until the next day. That didn't mean our night wasn't exciting, in the backyard of the house there is a pool house, and in order to keep someone at the home when no one is there my grandparents rent out the pool house. My parents had known that a man named @CAPS1 lived in the pool house. None of us had met him, only heard stories from when my brother lived in the main house when he attended college in @ORGANIZATION1. That night my mom asked me to go get my dad from the back yard because dinner was ready, it was dark outside so I made @PERSON2 come with me. When we got outside we saw my dad had introduced himself to @CAPS1. @CAPS1 looked exactly how I imagined him, he had on red shorts, no shoes and a peach colored t-shirt. He had sandy blond hair and was pretty scruffy, he looked like a big beach bum. @CAPS1 quickly made his way over to me and @PERSON2 and introduced himself. He was pretty nice and very goofy. Throughout our whole conversation @PERSON2 and I couldn't keep straight faces.@CAPS1 said that he had to go so he wanted to teach us a handshake that he made up. He stuck his hand out and curled his index, ring, and middle finger so that they were in towards his palm and the only remaining fingers sticking out were his pinky and thumb. He gestured us to do the same thing. We all did as he told us and stuck our hands in the center of where we were standing and he tapped his pinky and thumb against our pinkies and thumbs, he said good evening and ran back to the pool house. It was very odd, but so funny that my dad, @PERSON2 and I still do this on occasion.  The next day, I took @PERSON2 downtown, and showed her around. When we were on our way back we stopped inside a craft store, that I, nor @PERSON2 had ever been in. When we walked in it looked like any other average craft store, but as we explored a little more we noticed there was a huge section of armor and helmets that @CAPS3 soldiers wore. Us being big dorks decided that we had to put them on, so we put on the helmets and armor and stood by the windows in the front shop and waved at people. The ladies working in the craft shop were laughing at us and it had us laughing at ourselves too. We fell down from laughing so hard, at this point the people who were working were not laughing anymore they were mad that we had fallen while wearing the armor. They came over and told us to take it off and that we needed to leave. We did what they told us to do. By the end of the trip we had made so many memories, and we couldn't wait to return the following year. In my opinion laughter is very important in relationships, it is healthy and it means that sometimes you don't need words to express how you feel. This @DATE1 @PERSON2 and I will be returning to @LOCATION1 @PERSON1 and are looking forward to many new memories and laughs that we will share.   
