 Laughter  @CAPS1 brings enthusiasm and joyfulness to any means or matter. Have you ever thought of laughter being a part or key element in a relationship? A time when laughter has really helped or made a relationship is when I met one of my still today best friends. I had just started fifth grade at a new school; I transferred from private to public. There was only a couple of people I knew there because of family, and these people were my cousins. As you can imagine I sat by the people whom I known for most of my life, and being in this position was very awkward. So, eventually at the end of the day I was ready to leave school and it was my first time I ever got to walk home since this school was much closer than my last. I had to walk home with a kid who lived right by me; this I had never known because of my sheltered young life. Luckily he was easy to talk to and we both had something in common which was skateboarding. This is when we started @CAPS1 because we talked about certain falls we had which were not so pleasant and he asked if we could hang out after school, and with me as a shy guy I said okay. After awhile, he came over with his skateboard and he told me to go down this ramp I had. So, I did and fell right on my back which we both thought was hilarious and we started @CAPS1 together. This @CAPS1 we did since walking home really made me feel comfortable with him and kind of bonded us. I feel that fall was a key part of our friendship because it made the awkwardness go right out the window and helped us start talking about more funny thing which we had seen. Ever since, every time we hang out something happens and we laugh as hard as you can imagine which goes down in our memories as good times. @CAPS1 has always "sweetened the mood" so to say and always makes a good time a great time to remember or to a truly boring time to a "lets go do something" time. Also, in any situation when I have been @CAPS1, or start to laugh, I feel good because every one laughs when I laugh. Most of my friends are also my friends because of my laughs and times I make them laugh. All in all, most of the relationships I have are because of @CAPS1 and how they comfort two or even more people by bonding them, and making every one feel like their having a good time with each other. This is key because than most encounters with people, even friends can be very awkward or not enjoyable. So, really in any case @CAPS1 is necessity because than every thing would be dull, plus you would really have no one to be able to have an appreciative time with. Therefore, every time I meet someone new or even someone I know laughter needs to exist in order to have a relationship with anyone.
