Laughter I've always been one who laughs a lot. It does not take much effort for me to bust out in a laughing fit, the topic doesn't even need to be that funny. I'm not the type to do the "nervous laugh" though. I think my laugh fits me well because I am quiet, just like my laugh. I always get a little embarrassed when my laugh gets louder than usual.  The weather lately has been very cold with snow falling here and there. I have just been itching for some good, warm swimming weather. This past weekend my boyfriend, @PERSON1, and I went up to the mountains to play in the deep snow. After a few hours of being up in the snow we headed back down the mountain to go to his house and use his hot tub.Obviously it was very cold and me, being more of a fair weather girl, just wanted to go somewhere to warm up. First we stopped by my house so i could grab my swim suite that I recently ordered off line and was dying to use it.  We left our clothes in the back room and ran out in the cold to get in the hot tub on his back patio. The hot water felt so good; it relaxed my body of ice and my tense muscles. We were in the hot tub for about forty five minutes before we noticed how hungry we were. Since we had gotten all warmed up we decided @CAPS1 sounded good. We jumped out of the hot tub and ran for the back room to dry off and get our clothes on. I had gotten all dried off and started to put my jeans back on. When I put my first leg in my jeans I just had a feeling that I was going to fall. Sure enough, when I got my second leg half way in the other side I lost my balance, tripped over a huge exercise machine, and fell hard on my butt. I started busting out laughing, along with @PERSON1, I was a bit embarrassed but at least it didn't hurt too bad. After I had gotten up and walked around for a few minutes my butt started to hurt more and more.  @PERSON1 kept making jokes about me falling, even though they were pretty funny, I tried not to laugh. He was facing me while we were having a conversation, when we were done talking he turned towards the door to leave and hit his head square on the exact same exercise machine I had tripped over just minutes before. Instantly, I was bent over laughing. I could not move, I was laughing to hard. It looked like it had to hurt when he hit his head, he had a nice red bump under his eye. He didn't find it nearly as funny as I did and just walked out the door. Still, laughing hysterically I tried to follow him out the door but it was hard to move from laughing so much. My stomach was hurting from all the laughing when it finally started to subside.  Still having a little giggle left in me, I walked to his pickup to wait for him while he was talking to his dad. When I turned around to see if he was coming I started laughing again just seeing him walking to the pick up. The look on his face when he seen me laughing again was just priceless. I could imagine why I looked ridiculous to him; sitting all by myself in his pickup laughing hysterically again.  Laughter is one of the very few things in this world that is free. Everybody's laugh is unique and can change due to the situation. There are many different laughs a person can have such as nervous, happy, giddy, and so on. If people can share a laugh it can bring them together. Through out the world laughter is a universal sign of happiness. People of any age, race, or religion can share a laugh. Over all, laughter is just a great feeling.
