                                                   THE @CAPS1  A couple of weekends ago me and my cusin were at my grandmas house. She lives up in the woods and has a bunch of quads and motorcycles. All me and my cusin did was ride,have airsoft gun wars, and build giant forts. We planned on only staying one night but ended up staying three.   So the first night we were there we built a fort out in the woods. The fort seemed really good at the time, but the next morning we had other ideas. So the next morning we were getting ready to go outside and work on the fort. He got done before me so he went down there first. By the time I got half way down there I heard him scream and come running out of the fort. He was yelling @CAPS2 .....MICCCCEEEEE! So i figued we must have a little @CAPS2 problem and laughed to myself. So I walked in there to see for myself and sure enough there was a bunch of little @CAPS2 running around in there. That was the end of forts on the ground for us.  The next day we decided to have airsoft wars(guns that shoot little plastic bb's). We were having alot of fun shooting eachother mainly because it hurt. Like I said we were having alot of fun until I decided to try and hid up in a little tree. He found me and shot me I fell out of the tree and broke my gun. That was the end of the wars plus I almost broke my leg. I guess that was payback for laughing about the mouse thing.  After the wars ending we decided to go ride quads for a while. There are alot of trails around her house to ride on. He road a dirtbike and I rode a quad, I road a quad so I could make new trails. We made some really good trails up there. It was really muddy up there and very wet. While we were way out in the woods on a long ride I ran out of gas. So I had to walk all the way back to the house for gas then walk all the was back up there.  The last day we were up there we got up early. We wanted to go out and look for a place to build a new fort. This time we were going to make a tree fort so we didnt have to worry about critters. We spent from the time we got up till the time we went home on this awsome tree for. My granndpa has alot of wood that he dosn't use because he really to old to build anything so we never ran out of wood.                          
