Laughing is something that everyone experiences. It changes situations from bad to funny. It's like magic. I mean you don't need a wand or anything, just a twisted sense of humor. You just need a little common sense and a little bit of illogical thinking. I know that those are two entirely different things but isn't that what makes us @CAPS4? isn't laughter just the response to hearing something illogical that differs from your common sense? No. It's not. Laughter is also an extremely helpful tool. you can do a lot of things with laughter. you can get out of trouble, get into trouble, start a friendship, end a friendship, get a job, lose a job, win a game and, lose a game. and that's not everything, mind you. But I'm not here to talk about all of those things, just one of them. making friends with laughter. just sit back and listen and maybe you'll learn something.Before we begin the story, let me just start by saying that I'm not exactly the nicest guy on the planet, and i know this, but I'm good at making people @CAPS4. It's not even on purpose half of the time. the majority of my jokes and humor consists of depressing things. I honestly think that I get that response from people because they don't know how else to react. And this is why @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or whoever invented sadists and masochists. Anyway lets get back on track. Once upon a time where teens were desensitized to the harsh reality of modern living there was a kid. that kids name was @PERSON1. now I really hadn't known @PERSON1 for very long and, to be quite honest, i didn't really want to but he tagged along with me and grant and @PERSON3 back in the day. he always wore these awesome iron maiden t-shirts and listened to the type of music that i liked so i guess you could say it was fated but that's neither here nor there. One day we got to talking. We were both thinking about this big barrel that had been left in the track at our school. it was empty and plastic and when you're @NUM1 everything big and red and plastic looks fun. we decided that we would take the barrel and stand on it. Yes that was all we wanted to do with it. It never really crossed our minds that we could have taken it or built something with it. no, the only upstanding conclusion we could come to was to stand on it. and we did. and it was fun.  the next day we came to school and @PERSON1 was handing out invitations to his birthday party. i was pretty excited so i went. as it turns out, our lives are very very much alike. i think the first thing i noticed when i went to his house was the kitchen. it was like they took my kitchen and painted it a different color and then put it there. honestly i thought i was the only kid who lived the way i did. i used to get mad because my mom wouldn't ever buy matching dishes or silverware because we never really had the money and this kid had the most random assortment of dishes and such in his house. collectible versions of different pint glasses, mismatched silverware, logical dish placement. i know it sounds stupid but it used to make me happy.  When the other guys arrived we started to talk, or at least i did. we talked about some random stuff too like @CAPS3 videos and good movies we had seen recently. @PERSON1 and i always ended up talking about other stuff like travel and the future and dogs but that's just because we agreed that newer movies kind of sucked, too many explosions and not enough character development. eventually we started a fire and moved our conversations outside. see, it always seems like things are better when you look into the fire. and when the fire goes out, you want that feeling again. well i was prepared to fix it but everybody went inside except me and @PERSON2 (another guy at the party) so we decided to play around a bit. we went into @PERSON1 garage and found his @NUM2 and brake fluid. we sprayed it on the fire and i think my face got a little sunburned after that. The flames had gotten so close to my face that i could feel my eyelashes burning on the tips. Then we grabbed some more wood and dropped it on the fire. everybody came back outside to play around with it. i know I'm kind of a bad influence but when life gives you an opportunity to do something fun, you can't pass it up. We spent the rest of the night talking about girls and cracking jokes. I just wish we had a @CAPS4-@CAPS5-@CAPS6. That night, i made some eternal friends.
