 Laugher Laughter is to express delight, fun, or a object of a joke. Laughter is something we all do, its a large benefit in our life and it happend on a everyday scedual. Without laughter we couldn't express our happy, out going side, we would have no particullar feeling in life except for frowning, which is a proven fact to cose more wrinkles beacuse of how many more muscles it uses.  For me laughter is a all day thing, @CAPS1 show, my friends, family and, horses are my number one reason for my frown to be tured up side down. You @MONTH1 think horses cant smile, or talk but @CAPS2 do have their own ways of showing a personality that will make you laugh. Shere @CAPS2 are all smart, but @CAPS2 can be clutsy or goofy at times. Mostly @CAPS2 all just make you laugh and giggle like your own little brothers or sisters.  There is this one time that I will always have locked away in the back of my mind. It took place on a @DATE1 mid-day at the beach on the @ORGANIZATION1. I was with my friend and we both had our two horses saddled, ready to go. Both us and our horses felt the energy rush when we saw the waves pouning at the shore with the salty smell in our noses.  Once we hit the sand we were running side by side with the wind wistling past our ears like a moving train. The horses heads were equaly pointed towards the ocean. When we got to the water, the horses pranced and danced arounds like yearlings again, @CAPS2 would walk tell into the water tell it was drenching us both then soon as the next wave would come rushing up, we'ed swerve around and try to beat the wave to the shore.   After about five hours of adventuring caves, sand dunes and starfish we were all worn out, then decided to call it a day. It was around dinner time, so we eat dinner while watching the sun go down to finsih the perfuct day at the beach. We put the horses back in the trailer, and before I shut the trailer door I gave my horse a good pat on his neck, as I was about to walk out my horse tured his head, then gave my a nudge like he was saying "thanks for the good time". Driving home I knew this was a perfuct day because of the laughter, and of all the times I just laughed for the injoyment, also my face did hurt a little from smiling so much.
