 Somewhere along the road a guy once said "a laugh a day keeps the doctor away." @CAPS1 the hell was he talking about? I didn't really know or understand the importance of it either. Until i found out first hand how important those words could be, and how right that unknown genius was. It was just a few years ago when the most traumatic event happened to me.Do you remember that first girl or guy you thought you loved? If you can, do u recall that feeling of heartbreak and utter distraught? Well, if u can then u might understand how I felt...and sometimes do feel. If not you @MONTH1 learn something of importance to which you might realize why you're single. Before that certain event,when @CAPS2 and I would end up fighting, we'd end up making jokes about it to get through. We'd sometimes intentionally go to see romantic movies to laugh at how the girl or guy in them would break down crying. In one of those sobbing weeping, just obnoxious sounding cries. The kind that pisses you off more than making you feel sympathetic. Back to the later and key point of all of this, when the horrible situation occurred @CAPS2 and i were together for years, two and a half to be specific. yeah, long time I know. The day it ended it happened to be in the middle of math class (can you believe that? the middle of freaking class!) @CAPS4 convinced me to go sit back in the corner of the room with her. It'd be just us, no interruptions. We did this everyday so it wasn't anything to unusual to me. I was thinking "yeah! i get to work alone with my amazing girlfriend!" I was such a idiot. I do fondly remember glancing her over before sitting down. @CAPS4 was wearing white bleached jeans and a black band t-shirt. @CAPS4 had skin so white and unblemished a porcelain doll would be jealous. To top it all off dirty blond hair, rose petal lips and believe me on this one unending curves. I was dressed similar. I was in my @PERSON1 t-shirt, black jeans and my signature burgundy beanie. I had natural tan glowing skin and dark brown curly hair that covered my dark green eyes. When I sat down I'm not exactly sure @CAPS1 it was, but I felt like something bad was going to happen. Almost like a oncoming thunder storm or that paranoid feeling of being watched. The most dreadful words fell out of her mouth like water coming out of a faucet. "We have to break up" my heart seized in my chest her other words blurred into one becoming inaudible. I remained not moving and completely silent like a stone gargoyle. I couldn't help, but laugh at myself silently inside my head. I didn't ever say anything back. I didn't trust my voice enough to be steady and unwavering. Even if my words didn't...my body did. I couldn't control the shaking of my body as if it was having one big muscle spasm. I quietly and quickly walked out of the room making sure to have my bag in hand. I didn't want a reason to have to come back. The hallways along with the tiles and eventually grass along with the pouring rain all blurred into one. I just kept on walking and walking, with no wear in mind. Until when i was finally to tired to stop. My cheeks were tear streaked to my jawline and my eyes were red and bloodshot. The most wonderful thing in the world to me in my life had ended. As i look back at @CAPS2 and I's relationship, laughter was how we survived and got through a lot. It was however not enough. No amount of trying to laugh it off would help, like those petty arguments we had. I will sometimes though look back on how I reacted and that by itself will make me laugh. I was no better than those people in those movies. Unlike them however, I did not weep and bawl obnoxiously.
