Have you ever seen the phrase @CAPS1,@CAPS2,Laughter? Have you ever asked yourself what it means? I believe it can mean many different things for many different people. There are some people that can take it negativly andthen there's some that take it positivley i believe that those @NUM1 words in that phrase are everything you need to have a perfect life. A perfect life isn't about having the best car the most expensive clothes or the nicest physical appearence. Im going to tell you why laughter is very important in any kind of relationship. Im @NUM2 years old now but i was @NUM3 when i met the person who makes me laugh no matter the situation. He is a male tall, brown skin. He is @NUM4 years old now. but he was @NUM2 when i met him.It all started at school thats where we met. He always made me laugh i remember once i was very upset because i was having some issues at home and being with him was something i needed to actually forget what was going on he is a very honest person and thats what was good about him he would make any situation into a joke. even emberassing things that either happend to me or him he would turn them around to the piont where i wouldn't feel emberassed anymore. I @CAPS1 it how i can be myself with him. He was the uphill on a rocky roll-a-coaster. @NUM1 years have gone by and i am now married with that best friend that i had and we have two beautiful twin daughets together and i @CAPS2 my life to the fullest because he makes me happy. Instead of arguing its laughter and life is just better that way not only it makes me laugh but thats what makes him a good person and other people feel good around him. Laughter not only is good in a male and female relationship but it is also good in a female and female relationship. I have a best friend. not only is she my best friend because she's honest, and kind but because she's funny she makes me laugh we can laugh at the simplist things ever most people @MONTH1 think we are crazy, we aren't that just the sound of a happy life. I believe a life without laughter is like a straight road boring and long. life with laughter is like a curvey road you just dont know what to expect. My mother and I have a pretty solid relationship we do alot of things together but what i enjoy most is the laughs we have sometimes when something occurs at that momment it might be downhill but a year from that day you look back and its funny its always better to enojy laughing with somebody that you can consider dear to you. Laughing at the memmories is what i enjoy most with anyone because that memory you will always carry with you and sooner or later you are going to laugh at the fact that it happend, when and where. So when ever something happens to you that you @MONTH1 consider emberassing look back at it a year from that day im sure you will get a laugh or atleast a smile out of it. 
