 Every fiber of my being was urging me to talk to her, but my gut churned with anxiety every time I gathered up the courage to do @CAPS6. Then she glanced at me. Just for a second, but enough to gather information about me. Enough to tell that I wasn't just looking around the room vacantly, but I was focusing on her dark brown eyes, and hers only. I sheepishly flickered my eyes away, quickly counseling myself, why did you keep looking at her? You knew that she was going to notice! But somehow I knew I wanted her to. I wanted her to look back at me. I didn't feeling her gaze upon me anymore, even though it was only a second before that we made eye contact. I darted my eyes in her direction again. This time she was looking at me first and I fell into her sight. I didn't know what to do about this, I haven't been in this situation before. @CAPS5 girl has ever beaten me to first glance. She smiled, a cute little smile, I've noticed you noticing me, I don't see why you need to hide it. I have my eye on you. All I could do was focus on not looking like a moron. I willed myself to smile, but only slightly, enough to let her know i saw her smile, and it was at me! There was @PERSON1, smiling at me, giving me a chance to show her what makes me a guy for her. Then @DATE1 came. The ice rink in @LOCATION1 was about @NUM1 minutes away, which seemed short because of the @NUM2 friends that were howling and talking crap about each other in the back. We drove up and parked next to the rink. As we stepped out of my mom's minivan we could all hear the hustle and bustle of kids strapping on their rental skates and awkwardly walking towards the thick glass doors that lead to the oval arena of dry frigid air accompanied by a thick bed of cut up ice.Our group of friends all traded in our money and received our own pair of worn, probably never cleaned, ice skates. Absently we slide on the uncomfortable bladed shoes and waddled for the glass doors. One-by-one each of us stepped cautiously on to the ice, making sure we didn't look silly by sliding forward and performing the splits in front of everyone around us. When we finally conquered that challenge we proceeded to slide our way along with the current of skaters flowing in the counterclockwise loop around the rink. Every once in a while we'd race each other for a lap around the rink, but besides that we just talked about @CAPS1 of @CAPS2: @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and the various other games that held our interest.  But as usual that conversation turned into a debate about "over powered classes". One side complaining that they can never win against that class, the other saying that it's very easy to "destroy" them with a simple trick. I proceeded to daze off out of the fight, looking around the rink, watching people stumble along their path or glide gracefully through the awkwardly skating participants. Then I saw her again. Her hair was the first thing that caught my eye, it acting as a blanket would being hung on a clothes line out in a @DATE2's breeze. Then as she looping around the end of the rink her face started to be revealed, just as beautiful as before.  She wasn't having the hardest time skating, but every once in a while she would slide a skate too far to one side, lose her balance, but was able to regain her composure within a second or two. I smiled as she looked around, checking if anyone had seen her little mishap. "@CAPS5 the sniper is @CAPS6 @LOCATION2, you don't know what you're talking about!"my friends sneered at one another. I had @CAPS5 interest in being pulled into this argument. As I sped up away from my friends, and weaved my way through the crowd, I eased my way towards @PERSON2. As i approached her I was running one-liners through my head to use as an icebreaker with her.  I noticed her feet slide outwards on both sides of her, and I smiled at what I could do to be able to engage her. As she began to stumble, I had to time my entry perfectly as to seem like a random bystander just there to help her back up, rather than an anxious boy trying to find a way to talk to her. Right when she was about to fall over I sped up and placed my hand on her back and gave her a little push upwards. But she was too far gone. She tumbled on top of me as we fell to the hard ice. As the commotion seized, she quickly jumped off and apologized for her clumsiness. But all she noticed was my hysterical laughing. All she could do was laugh along.
