 embarrassing laughterHave you ever thought some thing was really funny where you felt like you where going to pee your pants? Or have you felt like the side of your stomach was going to explode because you where laughing @CAPS1 hard? well this happened to me it was all @CAPS1 crazy like a dream it was during my @NUM1 grad @DATE1 to be exact. My brother @PERSON3 and my friend @PERSON1 and i where walking through the park minding are own bissness just trying to have a good time. My brother was talking to @LOCATION1 about this really funny joke that he herd at school i don't remember the joke but i do remember how funny it was because i nearly peed my pants it was @CAPS1 embarrassing but at the same time funny i don't no why though. @CAPS1 i told them if they don't stop telling each other jokes i might pee my pants. But of cores what any brother would do is just keep on going they thought it was just @CAPS1 funny well not me i thought it was mean and painful if you no what i mean because i had a full balder. My friend @PERSON1 the sweet, loving person she is suggested to go find a bathroom, @CAPS1 off we went on the mission to find a bathroom @PERSON3 my brother said "well i believe that there is a bathroom up this hill lets check it out and see if it is open @CAPS1 @PERSON2 can go to the bathroom". little did we no that it was @DATE2 and the bathrooms where closed for the workers to come in and clean.when we mad it all the way up the hill i latterly ran to the bathroom i never felt this way before it was just @CAPS1 painful i could not put it into words.soon enough i found out the doors where locked i was @CAPS1 mad and devastated. @PERSON3 and @ORGANIZATION1 thought it was funny because i had to pee really bad and the bathroom was close they where laughing @CAPS1 hard, but i got tired of hearing them @CAPS1 i ditched them to go find the closes bathroom sadly it was a mile away that mad me @CAPS1 mad i wanted to cry. But of course that would get me no where! this is what i sad in my head "that means i need to run". I ran back up the hill a crossed the bridge and tors the nearest store as possible. FINALLY!!! I found a store it was a sigh ofreal eff I was @CAPS1 happy i could barely breath at this point. i walk into the store up to the store clerk and ask them @MONTH1 i use your restroom they point me to the detraction i walk in there head held high and felt like i accomplished something even though i did not except the fact i did not pee my self thank god!! @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 finally cough up with me they walk into the sore looking for me i walk out of the bathroom to find them standing by the door waiting for me then all the sounded i see a change in there face they are laughing i ask them whats @CAPS1 funny and they point at my paints, i looked down and i see water all over my pants i must off got water on me when i was washing my hands well that's embarrassing. but to this vary day when i look back to that moment i laugh to every time i hear it because it was s embarrassing but at the same time it was funny as it can get.
