                                @CAPS4 @CAPS1 Laughter is a powerful tool when you know how to use it. It has the ability to inspire, when in doubt. Lift heavy spirts to new heights, and it can also create great devotion, to a person, thing or cause. So what has laughter done for you and I? Well it has done lots for me, a good example would be my experience in the @ORGANIZATION2.  At @CAPS2 middle @ORGANIZATION3 I had everything going for me. I had good grades, teachers, but most of all a group of friends that I could share many laughs with. When we graduated and went to @ORGANIZATION3 my friends either moved or dispersed into other groups. It was horrible not to have anyone to laugh with, making things pretty tough. Then came the @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 program, or @ORGANIZATION1.  Since I wasn't really envoled in the program I didn't have any friends, save vanecek. Then an opportunity it join the @ORGANIZATION4 @ORGANIZATION4 arose, I took it. Every afternoon for one hour we had practice, which in turn created a strong bond between the @ORGANIZATION4 members. Before shooting we would laugh it up and relax, making it a fun enviroment to shoot. The @ORGANIZATION4 quickly earned the nickname, @CAPS4 @CAPS1, due to all the laughter heard outside the range. The @ORGANIZATION2, which my battalion as a part of, hosts five competitions a year. With fourteen schools from across @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION2 competing, I got pretty nervous. Before our first competition we had been with one another long enough to consider one another family. My family, seeing how I was nervous, took me aside the night before the shoot-out. We played cards, talked and cracked jokes, it was the one of the most special times of my life. We shot early the next morning, I wasn't nervous just relaxed. Out of twenty four man teams we took third, not bad for a new famliy. Since then the @ORGANIZATION4 has taken first, four times in a row. Those victories I have to give credit to the simple human emotion of laughter. Laughter in a way has inspired me to devote myself to a family, and has taken me to new heights. I guess my question for you would be, what @CAPS4 @CAPS1 are you part of?
