                                              The @CAPS1 Of @DATE2 The warm @DATE2 sun, pools to cool down children, parents joining with friends and family to have picnics and potlucks, and late night slumber parties. Then there's my @DATE2 @CAPS1.The sunshine came in bright throughout the window illuminating the whole room, I awoke to see the bright light of the sun. I ran into my brother @PERSON2's room, to make sure he was up and ready to start the day with me. He clearly was; the early riser himself. We left his room and started to smell the sweet aroma of chocolate chip cookies, we booked it down the hall into the kitchen to talk to mom about what we were going to do that day. When we got there mom turned around to show us her gigantic belly, which was holding my soon to be baby brother, we asked her what we were doing that day. Disappointed at her answer she had nothing planned. My brother and I were bummed but we quickly got dressed and went to the backyard where we were pitching together, the ball hit softly on my nice leather glove while on my brothers it made a slap. My mom came outside and yelled to @PERSON2 to go over to the sliding glass door, for a second I thought I was in trouble for pitching too hard to @PERSON2 but luckily that wasn't the case. My mom then called me over as well to let me know my cousin was coming over. My first thought was great @ORGANIZATION2's coming over! Then I started to think, my cousin @ORGANIZATION2 is weird... she is always making up lies, telling non funny jokes, playing with @PERSON1 @CAPS2 cards, and playing weird stupid video games. I quickly ask my mom when she is coming so I can ready myself, for whatever I am going to have to put up with my mom tells me fifteen minutes. I quickly run past her into my room where my phone is, and call my neighbors @DATE1 and @ORGANIZATION1 to see if I could hang out. Their mom answers and says I can come over there as soon as the girls chores are done, excited I tell my mom I will be at the neighbors house for a little while and @PERSON2 would have to hang with @ORGANIZATION2 while I'm gone. Shes tells me that its alright as long as I leave before @ORGANIZATION2 gets here. I await the phone call telling me that I can go over to their house. Noon is rolling around and they still haven't called, @ORGANIZATION2 will be here soon and I am tired of waiting. I decide to go out front where I can roller-blade around the block, I tell @PERSON2 that I am going outside and he tags alone with me. @PERSON2 and I put on our roller blades and head out of the garage, my mom comes out right as we are about to leave and tells us @ORGANIZATION1 called and we can go over there now, we rush in and quickly try to step up the stairs in the garage to the house. Slipping as we try to shove each other out of the way with the roller blades on, I finally get inside and start unhooking the latches. Get them off and head for the door when all of the sudden I hear a knock just as I reach for the door, it's @ORGANIZATION2. I hurry out the the door saying hello to my cousin as I quickly escape to the neighbors house. I get to @ORGANIZATION1's house and we decide to go outside to play, and run with her new puppy. We play for a little while then decide we should go inside and get a snack we do, then the doorbell rings. @ORGANIZATION1 runs to the door with the puppy at her heels and lets the people in, I turn around from the table to see who it is and see @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON2 standing inside the door. They came over to play too, I let @DATE1 know we should watch a movie. She went over to the movie cabinet and pulled out the brand new @CAPS3 movie!  We all sit down and start to watch the movie each with a bowl of popcorn. We watched almost all of it when the doorbell rang, the puppy bolted to the door and @DATE1 got up to answer it this time my mom stepped inside and told @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON2 and I that it was time to leave. The puppy was ecstatic to see my mother so she peed all over the linoleum floor. @ORGANIZATION2 didn't notice the dog pee on the floor, so she ran for the door to get her shoes on and she went flying backwards into the dog pee everyone was laughing even @ORGANIZATION2. We said our thank you's and headed back to my house to eat dinner and get @ORGANIZATION2 ready to leave. The most enjoyable moments are with the people you love, they can make you laugh and cry. : @CAPS4.
