  When you laugh, what are you thinking about? Who are you with? What are you doing ? When you were three you laughed because someone went, "@CAPS1-a-boo"and they contorted their face. When you were thirteen you laughed because someone looked different and wasn't wearing clothes that were "in". By the time your twenty-three you laugh with your friends because your friend is drunk and doing something stupid in the middle of the party. But when you find yourself at thirty-three your laughing while your husband is wrestling your five year old. Well about three years back my brother and I finally figured out how to have a relationship.   The @PERSON1 family has always been complicated. When we tell people how we are related, their response is always, "@CAPS2...What? Start over!", so we try to avoid the topic. My brother @PERSON2 has lived in @LOCATION2 his whole life with his mother and step @CAPS3, so neither our @CAPS3 or I really had a close relationship with him. Although it wasn't our dads fault, we only saw @PERSON2 maybe twice a year. In those two times a year, @PERSON2 and my sister @PERSON3, would always pick on me, hide from me and laugh at me because I couldn't do what they could. I used to hate it when he was coming down, because I knew I would spend most of that time crying and getting in trouble for things I didn't do. When three kids grow up together they find that they like each other better when they get along. My brother wasn't so mean to me anymore and he figured out that we were on the same side against the common enemy: @CAPS3. Our relationship has always grown around laughter, we get along because we are able to make jokes about one another everyday and know that it means nothing. Its our way of showing we care about each other, sometimes we laugh at other people and sometimes we laugh at ourselves. Now that my brother is off at college, we actually miss each other, and the key to our relationship is the laughter we share.  When my brother found that he actually liked me, he taught me everything about video games and helped me, we were not only on the same team in the video game, but also in real life. Summer @DATE1 my brother and I were sitting at home, bored because @CAPS3 was at work and @PERSON2 didn't have a car in @LOCATION1. We decided to play all the video games at least once throughout that endless day. That challenge didn't last long because the first and last game we played that day was @CAPS4 @NUM1. We started off just figuring out how it worked and where to go and we fought about it for a good hour. Then we started playing just to see who's team won, we started making jokes about each others players and we gave all the bad players, mean, really weird names, we laughed through the whole game. Then to make things more interesting we got into making our own characters and building a fantasy draft. @PERSON2, being a guy, came up with the grossest names and made the players look either really scary or really funny, he stacked their stats so they had an overall team average of @PERCENT1 in everything. I, being a girl, made all my guys really hot and muscular with funny names and only stacked their stats to what I thought was reasonable, depending on their good looks, so my team average was only @PERCENT2. From the moment of the tip, to the the moment we looked at the final stats for the game, we were laughing. Every time the announcer said one of our players names in that basketball context, it was so wrong but so funny, "@CAPS5 @CAPS6 for two". When both teams made every shot and then by some chance somebody missed one, we made so many comments and jokes. By the time @CAPS3 had gotten home, he thought something was wrong because we were crying so hard from laughing, that our tan carpet had turned brown . Even through dinner, when we had calmed down, @PERSON2 would say something only I would know what it meant and we would just burst out laughing and @CAPS3 would look at us with a dumbfounded expression. Looking back I wouldn't trade anything for that day.  Now @PERSON2 and I sometimes bring up that day when we start playing a sports game or were just talking on the phone. We laugh and use context to make fun of each other. Ya you could say its not a very normal relationship, but that's how we know we love each other, because truth is, I don't even like video games, I only ever play a video game when he wants to. So since that day we have become closer, we don't fight, and we actually stand up for each other. So who ever said, " Laughter is the shortest distance between to people." is right.
