 "LAUGHTER"  @CAPS1 I hang out with my friends, the one thing we do best is laugh sometimes for no reason. The thing we tend to laugh about is running into trash cans, laundry or maybe even about what we ate for dinner the @TIME1 before. @CAPS1 I am usual stressed out the one thing I love is to hangout with my friends. they usual are good listeners. overall. Though they take your mind off things. So with my friends you can count on having a great time no matter what the occasion is.    @CAPS1 I say trash can I really mean trash cans I remember this one time in the hall way at school my friend was hanging on to my back pack because she tends to loose me in the hall way a lot because I walk a lot faster then her, anyways the class bell had just rouge an all the student were heading to lunch we were. I was just getting ready to cross the hall way an she said don't do it, so I did an nobody stopped! so she kinda slide into a trash can that was hanging on the wall in the hall way, she @MONTH1 have knocked it off but I can't really say? I was still walking an the sound effects were so funny I laugh at it still.       My friend an I have a inside joke? we went out to lunch together. @CAPS1 we saw a laundry mate an I minds went crazy, we made up a funny joke an said that we should make our self's aprons with lots color and rhinestones, so that way if we wanted to get all of our laundry done at the same time. We would take off our clothes there an put on our so called aprons. An do our laundry like it was nothing. @CAPS1 our laundry was done we said that we could pick out a new outfit because all of r close would be clean. yes we are weird but that is what makes us laugh more then anything is being silly an making up story just like that one.  Now about the food its sort of like the laundry but I guess better? I remember @CAPS1 i came to school the next day i just started talking about what i had for dinner @TIME1 i think at that time my mom had asked us if we wanted chicken @PERSON1 an my sister as i screamed an said hell yeah? so dinner was ready an @CAPS1 we went to go site at the table we looked at it an it was not what we expected it to be? it was frozen out of a box an it looked like somebody had eaten the food than puked it back up? it was that great looking.    All of these thing that have named or talked about is how my life is almost everyday @CAPS1 there not drama i love my friend I don't think I could have asked for a better one because all we do is laugh an have fun an fun in to trash can locker an whatever else there is but the one thing that matter the most with my one friend is that @CAPS1 we get in to a fight we can not stay mad at each other well I now that I can't. So at the end of the day I ask her are we done being made at each other? an than we just look at each other an laugh because that about all we can do because the reason was so stupid there was really no need for it.that is what a friend is to me having fun not worrying about what is around us. but just to have fun an be silly. not anybody else but are self's an sometime @CAPS1 we have are really goofy days? we make up the story about our laundry. talking about my life with my friends is nothing better than to laugh because deep down inside you an your friend will look back an say wow those where the best day was @CAPS1-would would get in trouble in class for talking way to much.    
