 Everyone knows how important a laugh can be. Everyone has a different laugh, it can be powerful and moving or devastating and hurtful. Someone said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I agree with this statement, everyone has a different laugh and and laughs for many different reasons, laughing is so powerful, someone can make you laugh when your upset or unhappy and they could change everything and how you are feeling. Laughing is a way of connecting with others, you laugh when you are having a good time, are hurt and need someone. Laughs are surprising you never know when your going to laugh and for what, it could be from a little joke or a funny elaborate story being told to you.  Over the @DATE1 I was moving back to @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1, and I was very nervous and scared to be the new kid again. Even though I knew some people from when I used to live here, nothing was going to change the fact that I was the new kid. Not too long after I moved I got reconnected with some old friends of mine that I have known since the second grade when I lived here before. My friends and I are always having a good time, laughing, and just being crazy. All of us girls have been through a lot the past few years and that @DATE1, and it was nice to see them and talk to them again after all that has happened to us, we have all gone of and done our own thing and became friends with different people, but we are still close friends after all this time. It was good to spend time with them and see how much they have changed. We have all changed a lot in the past few years. And we @MONTH1 have fought caused some drama and some of us moved away, but we have been through almost everything together since we were little kids and probably will still be friends through out high school and collage.  @DATE1 was almost over and school would be starting again me and three other friends of mine wanted to something all together one last time before school started. So we planed to have one big sleepover. one of the friends lives in @LOCATION2, and she was able to come out to @PERSON1 and have this sleepover with us. It was just like second grade again, I don't think I have ever laughed as hard in my life. Not long after we all got there, we were laughing, talking, and having a great time. That night we were all sleeping over, we were thinking of something fun to do, and of my friends decided it would be fun to go @CAPS1'ing, so we asked her mom if it was @CAPS2 and she said as long as we don't go to far way from home and we have our phones on us in case we need to call her and have her pick us up. It was still a little too early for @CAPS1'ing, so until we waited for it to get dark, we walked to the store down the street from her house and bought bags and bags of toilet paper. It still wasn't dark or late enough to go, so we watched some movies, went to the mall, and stuck our feet in her hot tub. I was nice being back and being with all my old friends again. We stayed up and finally it was dark and late, so we put on all of the black clothes we owned and disguised our selves so no would could recognize us, we looked pretty convincing. We put on big jackets so we could hide the toilet paper in our jackets and if someone saw us walking they wouldn't see any of the toilet paper. We tried to be quit and sneak up on houses, but it dint work, we were so loud, we could not stop talking or laughing. We were being so loud we couldn't hear some other kids out late on their bikes also. They got closer and close and we realized it was some other guy friends we know from school, they got board and went for a bike ride. They helped us @CAPS1 some houses and it was getting really late, so we decided to head back.  This @DATE1 was one I will never forget, we had so much fun and we agreed we have never laughed so much for anything. It was a hard year for all of us and it was great to see some familiar faces and spend time with some true friends like we used to.
