 Some people say that laughter is the best medicine. I strongly agree with these people, because I believe that any funny situation in which there is laughter can put anyone into a better mood. Just taking the time to laugh at something or yourself is something that every person should do. Having agood time with friends and family and laughing with them is truly something to be greatful for. I have had several situations filled with laughter. @CAPS2 I am greatful for. My two best friends, @PERSON2@NUM1, and I, well lets just say there is hardly a time when we are together that there is not laughter involved. So many times we've laughed at ourselves and each other I've lost count. It's so amazing to have these two great friends to laugh along with. There are so many times that we have laughed at eachother I don't even know where to begin. One time we were all at @ORGANIZATION1's house and we were playing hide and seek in her back yard. It was my turn to be the seeker. I came out of the house after counting to @NUM2. As I searched the yard I found everyoneeventually, except @PERSON2. As I wondered the yard looking for her the others started helping me look for her.We could hear her laughter coming from somewhere, but we couldn't tell where. She started talking to us saying things like "@CAPS1 here!" or "@CAPS2 way!". After getting frustrated and giving up, she finally revealed herself...on the roof of her house! We all laughed so hard, not even knowing how she got up there in the firstplace.  Another time we had gone to pizza for my @NUM3 birthday party. We went into the arcade room with the moneywe had ready to play some games. We told ourselves to avoid the claw machine, because we knew we would not want to stop and waste all of our money. But of course @ORGANIZATION2 had to try it just once. Next thing we, knewwe were using all of our money trying to win at @CAPS2 game. We each eventually won something, screaming, cheering, and laughing hysterically like kindergartners. We had also played @CAPS2 race car game at least ten timesand we were running out of games to play. So to relieve our boredom we started playing the race car game driving with our feet instead of our hands. It was a very fun time.  I couldn't possibly tell all of these stories. That would take hours, days, maybe even weeks. But I can tell youthat laughter is definitely a huge part of our day to day lives. I consider myself a very lucky person to have suchgreat friends that laughter is such a common thing for us. Not a lot of people are fortunate enough to have thisopportunity. A little laughter can go a long way. So the next time you see someone who looks like they need a friend or like they could just use a good laugh, talk to them, attempt to be their friend, make them laugh. The resultwill be its own reward. Trust me.
