Many people @MONTH1 think that laughter is not a big part of a relationship. i truly think that have a good laugh with your spouse is a good thing because it means that you are having a good time with each other. I will tell you a true story when i and my girlfriend were laughing and having a good time, and i will talk about another time when laughter was a big part in my life. In the next @NUM1 paragraphs i will decide how laughter help @CAPS1 out a lot in my life. laughter is all about having fun and it should be meant to hurt someone or make them upset or mad at you. I think some people really mean to hurt people because they don't care what they say to others and that's why laughter sometimes can hurt people. I have said some things to people that i thought were funny but the person i was saying it to didn't think it was funny. This first story I'm going to tell you is about @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. I have been dating @PERSON2 for about a month now and laughter is a big part in our relationship. @PERSON2 and i like to tell jokes to each other and make each other laugh and smile. If we didn't laugh and have a good time with each other than were would this relationship go. It wouldn't go the way i would want it t go. So i try everyday to make her laugh and smile at some of the things that i say because its a important thing in life to @CAPS1 anyways. @PERSON2 makes @CAPS1 laugh all the time and i think thats a good thing to her because she can be a very funny person all the time. So as long relationships have some laughter in it most of them will go for a while. The one person i think that has made @CAPS1 laugh the most is probably my dad. My dad every day when he comes to pick @CAPS1 up he always has something funny to say. I don't think he has not said something funny one day for a long time. The times when my dad is having a bad day at work and then when he comes home and is still in a bad mood i try to say something funny to get him out of his bad mood, and if that doesn't work i just go to my room to get away from him. But most of the time my dad comes home in a good mood because his job is very easy and he likes the people that he works with. Now that would have been a different story if we still lived in I'm @ORGANIZATION1. When we lived in @ORGANIZATION1 my dad had to commute back and forth to work from @LOCATION2 to @ORGANIZATION1. That was about a hour drive one way, so it put him not in a very good mood.but i didn't get to really see him much when we lived over in the @LOCATION4. so anything that funny i think i always try to say just to keep the laughter going.I believe that laughter is a big part in having friends. most friends like to joke around and laugh at things that are funny to them. so when you have a friend that likes to smile or likes to tell jokes usually they become friends and that person gets more friends and they whole community starts to like him in-till he says something that makes a lot of people mad. At our baseball practices @CAPS1, @PERSON3, @PERSON4, and @CAPS2 we like to tell jokes jokes or say something that will make the whole team laugh. another person that is funny to @CAPS1 is @LOCATION3. @LOCATION3 tells a lot of jokes and has funny face exasperation, and the last person that is funny to @CAPS1 is @PERSON1 is one of those guys that thinks he inst funny but really is. I think i have a good friend relationship with all those people.I just told you why i think a good laugh is a good thing in a relationship. It is good around your parents so you can have a good relationship with them. I hope you liked my story. I enjoyed writing on this topic because it explains about @CAPS1 and it explains what i do with my spouse and my friends. I think that everybody has laughter in there life day in and day out to keep a good attitude wit people.
