 Laughter is said that it is the medicine for happiness. Those who laugh frequently end up having an overall better life. They are in better moods throughout the @DATE1 and affect people around them with their upbeat mood. Many solid friendships involve laughing frequently. I am lucky to have friends that never cease to make me or each other laugh. Their was one time when we all laughed intently at my house late at @TIME1.  My freshmen in high school was my second year total in public school because I was previously home schooled by my parents. I just established friendships with four other people earlier that year. They were my friends @PERSON4, @PERSON1, @PERSON2, and @PERSON3. None of us ever been to eachother's houses yet, so I suggested to be the first one to all have them over on a @DATE1. We did not know yet exactly what we wanted to do at my house, but we knew with our creativity we could find anything to entertain us. As they came over one by one we watched football on the @CAPS1 until the entire gang was at the house. Once the last person, @PERSON2, came to my house we all went outside to find something to do. All of us are football players so we decided to play some backyard football. Unfortunately all of us were linemen except for @PERSON4. The problem was that we had what is called "linemen hands" which means that we could not catch a football due to having hard hands. This created quite a spectacle of a bunch of linemen trying to be wide receivers. We ended up not finishing the game because it was way to funny.  Later that @TIME1 we all decide to grab the immense amount of junk around my property ,and like most boys our age, started to fight with them. This battle continued for most the @TIME1 and people got hit in the funniest of ways. After we were all tired from the running around we decided to make scary movie with my mom's video camera. This is when the most laughter of the whole @TIME1 came. We all sat down to make out a plot for our movie and kept distorting it in different ways to come to some agreement on what to base it off of. We decided to make the movie seem like it was off of "@CAPS2-field", a movie about aliens invading earth, but we replaced the aliens with a psychopath chasing us. As we began the movie all seemed like it was following the script perfectly. Unfortunately we found out that we could not act at all when the first serious scene came up. @PERSON4 was supposed to be on the ground with a gash down his side when we found him, but when we filmed that scene @PERSON4, who was supposed to be unconscious, could not keep a straight face when we found him. Since he had a goofy smile when we picked him up and with the awkwardly said line from @PERSON3 "The window is open, @PERSON2 is gone" we all started to burst out laughing. After we calmed down we went to film the next scene where we wake @PERSON4 up and try to find out what happened. @PERSON4 said "I'm hurt really bad! I think I need an ambulance" and then @PERSON1 responded "@CAPS3 that's not gonna happen!". That line that @PERSON1 said was not in the script and was just way to funny to keep it in and in a result we all started bursting out laughing once again. We tried to redo the scene, but when I said "@CAPS4 are you laughing" we all burst right back into uncontrollable laughing. Later in the movie the last guys alive were @PERSON1, @PERSON3, and me. We were casing the psychopath outside in the pitch-black dark. Randomly @PERSON4 and @PERSON2 run in front of the camera when they were not supposed to. This caused us to laugh yet again because of the way the short fat one ran. After all the scenes were done and we finished the movie, we all went back into my living room, spooked from being outside in the dark for so long making a scary movie. My sister randomly comes home without us noticing. She stares through the locked front door with out making a sound in a very creepy way until we all notice her. We all jumped about ten feet in the air due to being extremely scared. After we settled down we all joined in the laughing once again as we looked back and saw how stupid we were.  In conclusion, the laughing that went on throughout @TIME1 made us closer as friends. Every time we get together at my house we look at that tape and remember the good times and laugh until we cry. The benefit of laughter in my life was being able to create a strong bond with now my best friends. My life is truly blessed that way. END 
