 Isnt it funny how just a laugh can change a senery, a mood like someones face expression, and make a person laugh out of nowhere just because it is outrageous, or the laugh they hear sounded funny. I personaly have been through all of these stages of what I like to call, the contagious circle of laughs. In the past I have been cheered up by laughing, and hearing others laugh. At times even I have cheered others by makeing them laugh, or laughing at @CAPS3 own humourless jokes. It feel good to laugh, and at the end of @CAPS3 long lasting giggles I feel refreshed from useing all that energy just to make a noise. @CAPS3 friends pick me out to be the clown in our group. They all think im this hilarious joke popper ( I pop out all these funny jokes ) I personaly dont think im that funny, but for some reason just by makeing them laugh I laugh too. There is this one joke I made up all by myself to cheer up @CAPS3 friend @LOCATION2. It made everyone fall on the floor laughing. It is about walking through the store, and seeing the different nationalitys of mothers with there baby's. How each mother treats there baby's differently. At the end I tell how the african american mother yells at her baby to shut up. I use a cuss word but thats inappropriate for this writeing piece. You get the idea. Anyway @CAPS3 friends still to this day ask me to tell them that joke, and they always laugh just as loud as the first time I told them. There is always one person in your life that your totaly obbsesed about there laugh, only because you love the way it sounds. I personaly fell in love with @CAPS3 boyfreinds laugh, and that was why he looked so darn cute to me. The very first time we met he was picking on his cousin @CAPS1 in a park up in @LOCATION1. I was with @CAPS3 friend @PERSON1 in the trailer park where her dad lived at the time. Malikye ( @CAPS3 boyfriend ) had this laugh that made me want to scream "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4!", it was so funny. I wanted to run over to him and tickle him to death so he couldnt ever stop laughing. Most of the people that know him hate his laugh, and think it is obnoxious. He even hates his own laugh. I dont know why but I was addicted to it. It is funny how even hearing someones laugh can give you feelings for them. A laugh not only shows you sound, but shows you personality, and charecter. Laughing is a big importance in life. It shows so much about a person, and helps so many people. I love laughing. People should be full of laughter, because without it the world would be a dull and unhappy place. I dont know anyone who would want that. Evil @CAPS5 maybe, but he even has his evil laugh that shows his charecter....
