            The Element of @CAPS1 and Laughter Laughter is an important element that a person could ever have when they are in a joyful or happy mood. Laughing is a good part in a persons life; it shows other people when you appreciate something that they did that put you in a good enough mood to share a laugh. Some people react in different ways when it comes to laughter because of their emotions; other people laugh to hilarious jokes and other types of people laugh at peoples accidents while others don't. Emotions are a big deal in a persons life. Some emotions are joy, sorrow, jealousy, fear or anger. Being happy makes people want to laugh at something. Sometimes when people laugh too much, they will actually start crying from it. People like other people @CAPS4 are in a happy or joyful mood, because then they can receive those good feelings as well; therefore, it makes other people happy to get more people to be in a positive attitude as well.  Another thing that makes people laugh are jokes. Some jokes can be very funny, other jokes can be gross, and some jokes can be really hilarious that you will always remember them. But jokes can get complicated at times; to a little kid you can say, "@CAPS2, @CAPS2!" "@CAPS4's there?" "@CAPS5." "@CAPS5 @CAPS4?" "@CAPS5 @CAPS4?, don't cry about it, it was just a joke," and the kid would be laughing. But to someone @CAPS4 is older, you have to think a little more to get them to laugh. People love laughter; they like laughing at peoples jokes and especially at hilarious pranks. Sometimes pranks really aren't that funny. Like you seeing a friend of yours get something that spits out garlic and them knowing that the person that is about to get pranked is alergic to garlic. But most of the time, funny things help people cheer up when they are down. Furthermore, accidents are some things that can be really horrible at some times, but at other times, some of the accidents that occur in life can be very hilarious to some people. Some accidents people can decide whether to take it one way or the other. For example, a person might think that another person that is about to jump off of a diving board, but then slips and hits his back on the board is really funny and another person could disagree with that and take it in the opposite way and think that it was not funny at all. It is like when someone says that they a really funny joke or something hilarious to say, and you end up thinking that it was something that was bothersome or a tragedy or it could also be the other way around. You might think that you have something funny to say, but then to your friend it was something that really bothered them or something that they thought that wasn't funny at all. In other words, laughter is an important element that a person could ever have in their life. It is a part that a person can help another person when someone needs a good laugh to share with another person. Enjoy having good times with friends to share a couple of laughs, don't just be in a grumpy mood all the time, be happy. Laughter is a good thing; people love it so don't always be serious and at least share some laughs with your friends or loved ones.
