 The thought of seeing him and hearing his laugh never failed to make me smile. I was beginning to accept the fact that this was an urge I couldn't fight anymore. His sense of humor was the best I had encountered and it made my heart run wild. To me, the best piece of a relationship is learning about one another and exploring the little things that make that person who they are. A trait I always search for is someones humor and when I can easily find it, I thrive on it. My story takes place nearly a year ago, while my freshmen school year was coming to an end. I had a suitcase of new memories I planned to carry with with me, but one more was still to be added. I strolled into art class merely @NUM1 seconds late on a particularly average day. The musty smell of rain and old paint settled in the air, something I had come accustom to. Instinct told me to take my seat, so with my headphones blocking the rest of the world out, I did. I paused my music to allow my surroundings to come into focus. A voice with a highly sarcastic tone came from in front of me. "@CAPS1 to go! You're late." @CAPS2 the teacher had moved all of our seats, I couldn't help but to laugh at myself as well. However, my seat remained unchanged, the only new aspect was the people sitting around me. I greeted the familiar faces with a smile as class began.  The teacher went on about art related topics that I was far beyond, so by habit I vaguely payed any attention. I was far more focused on the person sitting in front of me. I had never talked to this boy but there was something very intriguing about him. We barley said a few words on that day of class. As the next day approached, I continued my usual pattern of entering the room and sitting in the same place. It had slipped my mind that a stranger was going to sit in front of me. He turned into the room took his seat. @CAPS2 what I had forgotten made me excited. Today was a free work day, a time to be social and work at our own pace. Perfect opportunity for me to learn something not related to art. I casually introduced myself, trying to fit personality into my words. His introduction was far less enthusiastic. Him being uninterested made me thrive to try harder. I began to be myself and act as if I had known him for years, even though his name was brand new to me. It was then I had caught his interest and the conversations started flowing. By the end of that day I hadn't finished any of the work I was supposed to have, but I couldn't bring myself to care. I had just met such an alluring new person.  Each day went on similarly but I had taught myself a good balance of work and talk. I couldn't get enough of this person I had just let into my life. Everything he said interested me and each word pulled me in. I'm positive everyone in the room knew of how funny I found him because of how often my laughter filled the room. It didn't take long for me to become very attached to him and each hysterical thing he said. After a couple weeks, the hour of class wasn't enough for us, and he made the decision to give me a call. I intrigued him as well. So our time spent talking didn't stop at the end of the school day but spilled over into our phone conversations. More time passed and it became a usual thing to talk with him often. I no longer needed to act as if I had known him for years. It was well over a month and a half into our relationship when comfort was starting to set in for me. Although, along with familiarity came a sense of question. I was beginning to very well open up to him but was not getting the same in return. I would tell him something of my past and he would make a joke of it; I would explain an opinion of mine and he would pretend to have the same. I had never laughed so much in such a short amount of days, but it was coming time to feel more then pretend hysteria. I wanted to be able to tell him personal things, but get something from him too. I began to realize I was digging deep into shallow waters.  The amount of laughter in this relationship of mine was clouding my judgment of the person underneath the humor. I couldn't connect with him on anything more then simple things. I still wished to have him be apart of my life, to still enjoy his company, but I had no need to dig deeper. It was time for me find new waters to swim in.
