Laughter is important in my life for many reasons. With out laughter my life wouldn't be as wonderful as it is right now. I have many people in my life that make laughter the best way to brighten up my day, like my friends, family, and boyfriend. I have many stories in which laughter was a part of my life, but I'm going to tell you a story about how my boyfriend used laughter to make me feel better and not think about my stomach ache.    It all happened on a @DATE1 @TIME1 @CAPS1 I was heading home from my boyfriends house. We were sitting on the max and my stomach started to hurt. I told my boyfriend about it and he told me that it's probably because I haven't ate anything. I was worried because it was going to be a long trip home. On our trip to my house my boyfriend was trying to distract me so I wouldn't worrying so much about my stomach ache. He started talking to me and telling me how my day was at school and I told him that my day was okay, not bad.     We started talking for awhile, up until my boyfriend took off his hat and said ''from flat to volume!'' @CAPS1 my boyfriend took off his hat and said that I bursted out laughing! I was laughing so hard that instead of my stomach hurting because I didn't eat all day, it was hurting because of how hard and how much I was laughing. I was laughing so hard because my boyfriends hair was all messed up. His hair looked so funny! As I was trying not to laugh I asked my boyfriend why his hair was like that? He started telling me that @CAPS1 he was taking a shower he had grabbed a shampoo bottle that said from flat to volume and he didn't know that his hair was going to have so much volume.The whole way home I couldn't stop laughing about my boyfriends hair. I thought it was so funny, that I had forgotten about my stomach ache.     Till this day I still laugh about my boyfriends hair and how it looked that day. We now have an inside joke and every time I remember that day I tell him ''from flat to volume'' and we both just start laughing.Now i know thatlaughter is the best medicine for me @CAPS1 I have a stomach ache. Laughter will always be a part of me and my life no matter what!
