Some say that laugh is the common language between people to people, nation to nation. If that is true, those laughters can speak all the languages around the world. In our lives, we all need laughters to be around. When they laugh, they don't just benefit themslves, but also all the people around them.There is a reslut from these people who study for phscology, they noticed that @CAPS1 don't cry because @CAPS1 are sad, @CAPS1 are sad because @CAPS1 cry. Same thing as laughing, @CAPS1 are happy because @CAPS1 laugh!I remember once, when I was in middle school, everyone in my class needed to go on the stage and do the presention. Before the presentation began, everyone was quiet, and there was nobody talking because we were all nervous. The classroom was dead quiet @CAPS1 could even hear a pen drop. I sat on my desk and did not know what to do. I was so neverous that I thought I would pass out in any second. I believed that was what my friends thought, too. Suddenly, we all heard a kid laughing! I did not know what he was laughing about, but the whole calss started to laugh! @CAPS1 could feel that the neverous situation was gone! Everyone started to talk and walk around. That helped me cliam myself down. I felt the big and heavy thing that was on my shoulder suddenly disappeared! The story was so unforgetable because I realized how aould a laughter change the situation from bad to good.Laugh could change the whole world from dangerous to peace. I am a laughter. I love to laugh because when I laugh, I feel everything is better. It could be both positive or negative, but laugh dose make my life better. People who are around me think that I am fun to be with because they could feel the joy I bring to them.Laugh is an important part of a relationship. My friend and I, when we get together, we always laugh about everything, from some random house to the sky. We really have fun together. There one time that I wondered, what is nobody in my group laugh when we are together? That would be no fun anymore! Without laughters, the distance between my friends and I would be a big gap, but with laughter, we would not have any distance between us! Then I noticed that the other group of people. Maybe they just had the bad day, they had no amile on their faces. When they sat together, nobody talked or laughed during the lunch time. They seemed they were not friends anymore. After dys, they started to talk again. They laughed just like they were good together! I realized that laugh could change everything. It could change not only the inside the relationship but also how people view your realationship.Laughters do help us out a lot. On mental, physical, and social, they benefit us in our lives.
