 Many people love to laugh and others just don't like it as much. I'm one of those people who love laughing and will laugh when my @CAPS1 tell a very good joke. I believe that it's important to laugh because it just feels good, it makes you feel that everything is going okay. With the people that you can laugh the most with are obviously your @CAPS1. When you are feeling down who is there to support you, your @CAPS1 are, and what they try to do is to make you laugh.       My best friend @PERSON3 and I have the tendency to always laugh, especially if we have a class together it's all about laughter. We have fun in class, we do pay attention but we just make it interesting and we just laugh so much that it can distract others. Our teacher from sophomore year @PERSON1 always told us that we're very giggly and that it was a good thing. She also told us that she had never seen anyone laugh so much in her class. For example that year we were studying vocabulary and when @PERSON3 and I saw the word countenance we started laughing so much because it means the face and it reminded us about the tv show @CAPS1. Every time that word came up during that week we would laugh so hard that our stomachs started to hurt. Her face would turn as red as a tomato and I just couldn't even say a word. Even now that we're juniors we still remember that and we just start laughing so hard that it gets to the point that if I'm standing up I will let myself drop to the floor and move my feet as if i was kicking something. Now that's when my @CAPS1 start laughing more because they say I'm hilarious.      @PERSON3 and I are the kind of people that if something is very boring to us there has to be a way to make it fun. Some teachers appreciate that we actually have fun in their class but others just don't like it at all. Like last year in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 our teacher @PERSON2 completely freaked out because @PERSON3 and I were laughing. We were paying attention but we only laughed when we were doing our work but he didn't like it. To us that class was extremely boring and we just made it fun but @PERSON2 decided to make a sitting chart. Well you would think that by having a sitting chart @PERSON3 and I wouldn't talk or laugh at all but that didn't happen. That didn't stop her or me from talking to the people around us. We would talk to them and we made class fun. When he thought that we weren't paying attention he would ask us questions and we answered them correctly. Even though @PERSON3 and I were sitting far away from each other we would move our hands around until we got each others attention and then we just started laughing because we looked funny doing all of that without saying a word.  Every day when my @CAPS1 and I eat lunch at school at our usual spot we're always laughing. People that don't really know me think I'm crazy or weird but I say that I'm just myself and that I'm very optimistic. @PERSON3 and I say "@CAPS4 sad panda's today" we say that when we see that one of our @CAPS1 is quiet or looks sad. The most weirdest thing is that when @PERSON3 and I laugh at the same time it sounds like one laugh. The first time we realized that we had the same laugh we just started laughing even more that we couldn't even breathe. It's important to laugh because it feels so good and you feel relieved even if you're having a really bad day, like health teachers say it takes more muscles to frown then to smile.
