 Laughter is an essential component to any relationship, as it can erase any previous uneasy feelings and has a tendency to bring two people together. This phenomenon stays true whether the individuals involved are in the same room, talking over the telephone, or even communicating over the internet. My best friend and I share a special bond in which laughing has played a large role in keeping us together.  Laughter can keep people together even in times of hardship. My best friend, @LOCATION1, is @CAPS1, and we have shared many laughs over the @DATE1 years we have been friends. We first met while playing an online computer game and immediately enjoyed each others comments and comical statements. We would immediately burst into laughter when one of us would say something that could be considered even the slightest bit funny. He and I shared many laughs over the next two and a half years. Recently his family had financial troubles and was not able to pay the internet and phone bills for several months. Work during this time seemed to be more of a burden than usual, as I had few people I could truly relax and have a laugh. Only the occasional laugh with my friends who live locally could cause me to forget the disappointment I had from missing one of my greatest friends. @DATE1 weeks ago there seemed to be some hope that my best friend and I would be again able to communicate as before. While staying up @TIME1 one @TIME1 doing homework, I noticed that I had received a message from the long-lost @LOCATION1. I immediately chuckled inside, thinking of the good times we had shared just a month earlier. To my disappointment, the message which I received was not to tell me that he had internet at his house once again, but to thank me for the @CAPS2 gift and to tell me he was at another friends house for the @TIME1. He also mentioned that he would enjoy playing a game or two with me during this time. While this provided some comfort, it did not fully satisfy my hunger for laughter because his computer which he had taken with him was missing the drivers which allowed the use of a microphone. That afternoon, though somewhat disappointing, reminded me of the many great times we had shared together. One @DATE1 ago, my hopes were finally confirmed when @LOCATION1 messaged me to tell me that he had internet again. Though we had missed being together during the @DATE1 break, we were thrilled to once again be able to communicate. I am glad the @TIME1 he chose to get internet was a @DATE2, because we played and laughed till @TIME1. The laughter which we shared that @TIME1 washed the disappointment far from both our minds. My days are once again complete, as they are now an almost perfect balance of work and laughter. Laughter truly does bring people together, far more than I had previously realized. Though my best friend and I are thousands of miles apart, when we talk and laugh together, it seems as though he is in the same room with me. I hope that some day soon we @MONTH1 be able to actually be in the same room, sharing laughs and enjoying life. This example is just one of the many where laughter has greatly improved the outcome of a particular situation, making the individuals involved even closer together than they had been before.
