 "@CAPS1!" @CAPS2 society today loves laughter. From comical shows to hilarious friends, people have fun convulsing with glee. Not to mention that when you're doubled over with laughter you are getting an amazing workout. Everyone that texts @MONTH1 use "@CAPS3" or "haha" to show they think something is funny; but it is nothing compared to actually being with friends and having, "a smile that burst."  I couldn't wait. I was on the coast at a camp with my friends, and we were about to head-up to walk up to the three crosses. Some of the other girls were asleep and we had to leave quietly. One of the girls tripped as we were walking out the door and it took all we had to not burst out in laughter. Because when she tripped, she barely caught herself, as she was about to fall on sleeping @CAPS4. Jasmine scurried out the door with the rest of us. After the door was closed, we all doubled over laughing. Jasmine's face, when she tripped was priceless.  We headed into the crisp air without looking back. From a gravel path to the cement road going up the hill, we happily skipped along. As the hill got steeper, we started walking. Jasmine, after being tired from skipping, almost fell again. Everyone started laughing again. The walk up the hill was taking longer than expected. Finally, we could see the three crosses at the top.  When we arrived at the crosses, we waited for the miraculous sunrise. We kept staring at the ocean; waiting with anticipation. Eventually, @CAPS5 pointed out that the sun rises on the east and would we coming over the mountains. Again, all the girls laughed because we were so tired we forgot which side the sun rose on. At last, the astonishing sunrise happened. It was full of pink, purples, yellows and oranges. After watching the sunrise we realized we still had the treacherous walk back down the hill. I peered over the edge and saw a little path. With a bunch of convincing, I got all the girls to walk down the steep hill because it looked shorter than the cement road we came up.  The first part of the path was simple. As we started heading farther down the hill it got skinnier with more brush. A couple of the girls thought we should head back up, but I convinced them otherwise. So on we went. "@CAPS6 no!" @CAPS7 yelled. We turned to see she had managed to let her shoe fall of into a blackberry bush. She had just gotten her shoes the day before and now they are muddy and lost. Everyone was trying to reach it, but it was just a little too far away. Suddenly, @PERSON1 tried to grab the shoe; immediately she fell into the blackberry bush! @PERSON2 forgot about her shoe for a little and started doubled over with laughter again. While flailing and screaming we yelled for her to stop because if I didn't mention this earlier; this is a very steep hill. While she was in the bush, she grabbed @PERSON2's shoe. The hard part was getting @PERSON1 out.  The first time we tried to pull her up; we got her up a couple of inches then she fell back down, into the bush. Finally, after what felt like a million tries, we pulled her big butt out of the bush. Everyone was laughing so hard during the extravaganza. @PERSON1 was super embarrassed. After all of that, we headed down the hill. We still had giggles while trotting down the trail. As we went, we saw animal tracks. We then realized the trail was most likely made by animal. A couple girls joked around about being terrified of the animal tracks. Eventually, we got back to the cabin, still laughing about what had taken place. The rest of the day everyone was happy and giggly for waking up with an amazing morning.  Laughter helped the girls have a wonderful rest of the day. Laughter helped us work through the mud, the shoe losing, and the cold. With out it, we could have been very grumpy. Also, having amazing friends to laugh with was phenomenal. Laughing helps people be happy; being happy is better than being sad; therefore, laughter is important. When writing this paper to the @ORGANIZATION1's in @LOCATION1, I told my friends about the adventure we went on and the predicament we got ourselves into. They laughed hysterically, since they knew the girls. Laugh often to be happy.
