                              The @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 is one of the most important things in life. When im with my family, we all have such a great time together that we laugh all the time at things or memories we say we remember. While we are all gathered around the table whether it is breakfast, lunch, or dinner we always have something fun to say and laugh about all the time. To begin with, during breakfast @DATE2 @TIME1, we were all having a great time eating first thing in the @TIME1, but suddenly when my sister remembers about what had happened the day before at her job, she just had to talk about it because she wanted us to know what happened so we can also laugh with her about it. She had said that there was a banana lying on the floor, when her manager went by she didn't see it and slipped right through the hall. It was impossible not to laugh about it becuase it was the manager. Well that @TIME1 was going by so fast just by thinking about what happened with the banana and the manager that day. Every time I would remember I would start laughing so much that I couldn't stop. It was the funniest thing she had ever told us that happened ever since she starting working. On the other hand, when it was time for lunch, I was at school and my mom called me that same day. I answered fast but not knowing the reason why she was calling. Suddenly she said "@CAPS3 you will not believe what just happend, your dog just got finished taking a shower and is running around like crazy on top of the beds and coutches trying to get dried off" I couldn't believe it and I starting laughing so hard that I had to tell my freinds that were next to me and them too starting laughing as well. I could picture in my head how funny that would be if I was there watching her run around like a crazy dog. As the day went by, all I would do is remember how funny that is for a dog to do that, that I would just start laughing all of a sudden during class at school, but even though it was something good to laugh at I had to stop laughing because everyone was just staring. Finally, when it was time for dinner, at the table that night we all told eachother about our day. Everyone had something new to say but, when my brother started to tell us about his day at school, he couldn't even talk because it was so funny what he wanted to say that he was just laughing. He stopped after a while and calmed down but not for long. He told us that during his lunch break he went to the bathroom and when he came out he noticed that all his freinds were laughing and pointing at him. He said he had no idea what was going on but when they told him that when he came out of the bathroom he had a big piece of tiolet paper stuck to his pants. I immediatley thought he would have gotten embarrased but instead he said he thought it was funny as well. My parents, my sister and I started to laugh so hard that we had even forgotten about our dinner sitting in front of us just lying their cold on the table. Laughter is one of the most important things in life. Without laughter each day, it just wouldnt be the same. Being able to laugh during the day is very important because it's like another way to have your day go by and wait for the next. We all at the end said that our day went by so fast, that it was or couldn't be true that the day was over and it was time for bed. The day of @DATE1 third was one of many days that was the best and that we all enojoyed and had fun laughing with eachother telling about funny things that happen to us during our day.
