 Just @CAPS1 walking through @ORGANIZATION2 in a banana costume with one of your best friends. We were trying to find the best costumes for a @CAPS2 party. When having so much fun by taking many pictures and videos we lost track of time. I can't even remember which one of us was laughing the hardest. @CAPS3 is just one example of the crazy things my friend @PERSON1 and I have done together. One thing is for certain, whenever we are together we are always laughing. Laughter reduces stress for both @PERSON1 and I. We were team members for the past six years. Both of us competed as gymnasts at @ORGANIZATION1. We worked out at the gym @DATE1 for four hours each day. That gave us no time to hang out with friends and just enough time to do homework. At @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 and I needed to be focused so we wouldn't get hurt. @CAPS3 meant off the floor we needed laughter to reduce stress, as well as fear. In order to do that we would hang out a lot on the weekends and in the @DATE2 sun.  Our friendship was strong because of all the laughing and fun times together. When either of us became stressed we would make the other cheer up by remembering the times when we laughed our heads off. Even when we are not together we often think of the memories we have shared together. As mentioned earlier laughter also helps to reduce fear. It helps because if you were not having fun and laughing you would think about all of the bad things at could happen to you; then would you do have laughter involved it makes you want to do whatever it would be with your friend.  The laughter @PERSON1 and I shared always attached others to us. Whenever we were together others always wanted to join is because we were having such a great time together. For example, @DATE2 we were at @LOCATION1's house and we were playing outside on a warm, sunny day. We were laughing and all of a sudden one of her neighbors shows up. After one came, more and more kids and her friends came, after awhile it seemed like we had the whole neighborhood there with us. When we had a big group of people, @PERSON1 and I would choose a different game that would be better for a lot of people. It usually was a hide and go seek tagging game. Even though it wasn't just the two of us we were always laughing because we would trick everyone that was playing. It created a good and positive bond for the two of us even though there were more people. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS3 is how @PERSON1 and I became such amazing friends today. Without laughter, I do not think we would have been as close of friends if we didn't have laughter in our friendship. Our laughter brings us closer together every single time we see each other. Laughter really connects the bond between friends and its helps both of you get through hard times.
