 "Laughter" I believe laughter is the shortest distance between two people. When things between you and a loved one get fuzzy making them laugh will always help break the ice. When I get angry with my boyfriend he knows that in order for me to be happy he must make me smile/laugh. That is exactly what he does. The very first time he made me angry he didn't know what to do. It was @DATE1 @CAPS1 and I had just started dating. I remember he asked me if I was hungry and I said "no I'm not hungry," so he continued to ask. Since we had only been dating for a short period of time he really didn't know much about me, so he didn't know that I am a type of girl that gets annoyed easily and I have a really low temper. He continued to ask me if I was hungry, thirsty, bored, or tired but he didn't realize that at this point I was really annoyed; an hour and a half passed by and he was still asking! I was going crazy I didn't want to tell him how I felt because I knew I was going to make him feel bad, but I thought to myself and said "no he has to know because its going to be worst if later on in the relationship he has to find out what I like and don't like on his own rather that me telling him. I went on and told him every single little detail about me good and bad, at first he just listened but towards the end he exploded and told me that why wasn't I just straight up with him from the beginning. That made me really upset, I was trying to be honest with him before anything worse happened but i guess not. I stayed quiet for the longest time and he kept asking me "what's wrong," "tell me what I did wrong" so I told him that it really made me upset how he flipped out on me for no reason really all I was trying to do was save us from a larger argument, he looked at me and told me that I did do something wrong! He said that we had already been together for two months and it took me that long to show him my true colors I kind of understood where he was coming from but at the same time I didn't agree because by that point he should have already known. I mean it doesn't take that long to know a person especially if its your girlfriend. In the end we just agreed that we had to be ourselves around each other. He busted out saying "ouch charlie you bit me" in a @CAPS2 accent that just made me loose it I laughed for days after that and completely forgot about thee over whelming discussion we had. The point being here is that laughter is the tool to breaking the ice when things get tough and it doesn't necessarily have to be a loved one it can even be a complete stranger, if the person is shy making them laugh will help construct a great friendship with them. You can make anybody's day go great with just a little grin that you put on their face a simple "hello" or "hey" can even make them smile. I believe that a person that smiles often lives longer. This @MONTH1 not be true but in my little world it is. I am all about smiling, all about making people laugh. Honestly I hate seeing people walk around with angry faces like if they have no friends when all they really want is someone to make them smile-and that would be me! In conclusion, if it wasn't for laughter what relationship would still be standing at this point? None, because if your always arguing and always wining and never laughing then how do you expect your relationship to last? Like I said "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."
