                       My @CAPS1  @CAPS2 was a warm, @DATE1 @TIME1 in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. The stars were out and there wasn't a cloud to be seen. As usual on the weekends, most of the family was over; as well as some friends. I was just a little girl who loved everyone and everything, especially laughing. Anyone could make me laugh, smile and have a good time. One person, however, could make me laugh for hours straight. That person was my @CAPS1.  My @CAPS1, @PERSON1, came over to hang out with the rest of the family and friends that were at my house. He was talking, laughing, and having a really good time. Of course, I was only about five or six years old at the time; but to me, aside from my dad, my @CAPS1 was the coolest person in the world. That @TIME1, I was playing with my friends and not really paying attention to all of the adults. All of a sudden, my @CAPS1 came up to me, gave me a big hug and started to talk to me. I was so happy. Since I loved to joke around and laugh, I was thrilled to have all the attention. I used to call them laugh attacks. Anytime my @CAPS1 talked to me, I started laughing and I would laugh so hard that I couldn't stop. That @TIME1, I had one of them. My @CAPS1 and I were joking around and making fun of each other. Then, out of nowhere, I realized that I was laughing so hard that my stomach hurt. @CAPS2 went on for about an hour straight. That was long after my @CAPS1 left and went back to the adults. My friend, @LOCATION2, sat next to me and tried to get me to stop laughing. She was laughing too, but not as much as me.  Finally, after a long hour or so, I got myself to calm down. The rest of the @TIME1 was great but every so often, I started to laugh again. There was absolutely no way that I was going to stop giggling until I went to bed. After a long @TIME1 of having a good time, everyone left and went home. When my @CAPS1 came to say goodbye to me, I was upset that he was leaving, but I knew that I would see him again. The next day, I was right about being able to stop laughing. I still smiled and hung out with my family, but I wasn't laughing uncontrollably.    My @CAPS1 was and still is a huge part of my life. He is always the person that can make me laugh and forget about all of my worries. Even though I don't live near him anymore, I can still talk to him on the phone and laugh and joke around with him. When I go visit him down in @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 seems like we just pick things up where they left off. We don't even think about the fact that we haven't seen each other in a really long time.   When my dad passed away, my @CAPS1 was always there for me. He is the one male figure that I still have in my life. After everything that I've gone through, I could always count on him to brighten the mood and make me laugh, or at least smile. People really do need a person like my @CAPS1 in their lives. @CAPS2 really does help to know that you have someone that loves you and can brighten your day. All you have to do is talk to him. My relationship with my @CAPS1 is very close, and the one thing that kept @CAPS2 that way is all of the laughs that we have shared through the years. Laughter is a huge part of anyone's life. I have grown up around laughter and the thought of always being happy. Throughout my life, I have had to deal with pain, loss, and sadness. However, after everything that I have come through, I can always come out laughing. When I was eleven years old, my dad passed away. At an even younger age, my parents got divorced. No matter how much those things hurt me, I never stopped laughing and moving on with my life.
