 What makes you laugh? Laughter is a really good stress reliever. There are many different types of laughs around the world, some people's laughs are really high pitched and others @MONTH1 be very deep and low. Some other people snort and make other animal noises. I know that for me I have many different types of laughs for all the different emotions I feel. When I am upset I have a very distinctive laugh. Although when I am upset I laugh to make myself feel better and have a better day.   One time during a basketball game, I was having a really off night. Fouls were being called on me left and right. Normally when this happens to me, I get really mad and I lose my head and end up being taken out of the game and sitting on the bench. I absolutely hate sitting on the bench. This time when I got a foul called on me after already being threatened to be ejected from the previous game for the same reason. I decided to just smile and laugh about the foul and told myself to shake it off. My coach was very pleased with my change in attitude and just told me to play defense with my feet and to shake the bad call off and keep my head. When you are mad a person can take a lot away from the demonstrative looks you can make, although if you just smile and laugh about it, their reactions will be a lot different. I am not the only one on my basketball team who feels this way. A lot of us just laugh about calls that are made and just shake them off.  I am also a cheerleader. When you are a cheerleader you should always try to have a smile on your face at all times, and make it seem like you are in a happy mood. I play in a basketball game every night before I go out and cheer. I have to do my best to keep my cool while playing so that I'm in a good mood for after my game when I do cheer. Laughing helps me a lot with keeping my cool and relaxing while I am playing, so I'm in a good mood for cheer.  My coach is also very huge on people having positive attitudes. She tells us at practice that if we just smile and laugh about things that go wrong the outcome will be a lot better then if we have bad attitudes about it. I took this in very strongly and it stayed with me. My coach inflenced me to have a better attitude and since that day I have tried to have a positive attitude. I keep my positive attitude by just smiling and laughing when things in my life go wrong.  A laugh can go a really long way. I personally think laughing helps express the mood you are in. Laughing is also good for the body. Laughing can make you feel one hundred times better when you are feeling down in the dumps. I try my hardest to be in a good mood at all times. I really don't like being in a bad mood, it's really not fun. Laughing makes me feel a lot better.  I think that laughing is a very good function for the body. I feel that when I laugh it makes my mood better and the moods of the people around me a lot better. Laughing is a magical feeling that goes through out your body and makes you feel warm inside. I think everyone should laugh at least once a day. It will make your day that much better.
