 We all have had times when some thing happened and you just thought of it as a nuisance. But looking back on the same occurrence you just have to laugh at how silly it was. I recall one of these experiences when I went on a motorcycle camping trip this @DATE1. It was a bright and sunny day when my dad dropped me off at the beginning of the main logging road of the area. I decided to keep my pace slow and steady and just enjoy the beautiful scenery. Later that day I found a picturesque place to camp for a few nights on the river. In the @TIME1, I remembered some spurs off the main road from when I have driven with my brother in these woods and decided to go explore some of them near my camp. I decided to go check out one across the river that looked like a fun ride. As I was crossing the it my front tire hit some lose rocks causing me to fall into the water! Thankfully I fell away from my motorcycle, if I hadn't it could very well have fallen on me which, out in the woods by myself, would have put me in quite the predicament. After getting my @ORGANIZATION1 up and out of the water I headed back to camp to dry my clothes off, seeing as how I only brought one set with me. While reading a book and waiting for my clothes to dry I fell into a deep sleep. When I woke up I realized that the sun had been up for some time now so I decided that I had better get going on another ride before the day's out. This time I stayed on my side of the water and went up a steep road that lead up to the top of the ridge. As I climbed it became increasingly warm then I broke through the woods and witnessed a glorious sight. The sun was just cresting the ridge in front of me and I had to stop and bask in the sun shine. After a while of just sitting I got going again. The road I was on started to taper down into a valley. At the bottom of it, flood waters had washed large quantity's of silt over the road and it was still muddy. As I crossed it my wheels started spinning out and flinging mud at me as a result I ended up very dirty. Once again I headed back to camp to wash my clothes in the river. This time I didn't fall a sleep for quite some time and when I did it was a fit full one.upon waking I packed up my meager supply's and headed out to complete my journey. Most of a day got me only half way to my destination so I was forced to stop and rest for the night. Just setting out my tent and getting out some food for dinner and breakfast in the @TIME1 didn't take me very long. Having little to occupy my time I just sat by my fire and pondered my trip and life in general. When I fell asleep I slept soundly until @TIME1. Waking to the sound of birds chirping and the river rushing by me was delightful and invigorating. It only took me a few hours to reach where my dad was going to meet me and take me home.This trip helped me think and gater my thoughts. It also helped me enjoy the little things in life that we so often take for granted. Looking back at it always makes me laugh and realize that my errors could have been much worse but as it turned out they were just minor set backs. All in all it was a very good time to gather my thoughts and renew my soul.
