@DATE1 what a night!! Me and my friends we were going to a @CAPS1 party at our dance coaches work. we had to dress up as elves and play with kids. It was fun, but after we were done with the party that's when the real fun began! After we changed out of our costumes and back into our regular clothes we started taking pictures. @CAPS3 were funny ones,cute one, and weird ones,all kinds of pictures. Anyways my friends and i didn't want to go home just yet so we decided that we should go to some places to take more pictures and have more fun! First stop was a school play ground but we couldn't stay because it was late and we weren't allowed inside so we decided to go to the discovery park i was driving and one of my friends in the passenger seat was taking pictures that turned out really funny. so when we got to the park my friend that was taking the pictures said  @CAPS2 i drive around the parking lot?" I said sure. we switched spots and off we went. She was a pretty good driver, but @CAPS3 was some scary moments that i felt we were going to die. ha ha. So she drove around and then went to the stop sign by a main road where she decided it would be a good time to switch back and i was yelling at her "@CAPS3's a car coming we @CAPS2 get in trouble", but no she didn't listen to me she got out so then i had to get out and we were yelling at each other and my friends in the back seat were yelling also not because we were mad but we didn't want to get caught and we were having a lot of fun. so i get back in the driver seat and we are all yelling " get in the car" but she laughing really hard saying " I wet my pants." we all started laughing because we thought she was kidding but oh no she was serious she was laughing so hard that she actually wet her pants! It was a good thing she had extra pants with her. So i had to back up the car so she could change behind this big metal thing. As she was changing we thought it would be really funny if we got a picture of her changing so i got the camera and stuck it out the window, but it was really dark even with the flash on so the picture didn't come out! she was laughing so hard that we teased her saying " keep it in". We still tease her a lot about it even though it's been two months. When ever we are laughing really hard and someone says " oh i think I'm gonna pee my pants" we look at @PERSON1 and say " @PERSON1 knows what that's like" we have too much fun teasing her about things she's done.  the next day we go and tell the rest of our friends that weren't with us what happened and they all started laughing as hard as we did. At the time she wasn't in the room with us when we told the rest of our friends, but when she walked in and we all stopped and saw her it was really hard to keep from laughing. now everyone knows about that night and @PERSON1's " accident". every now and then we make fun of her but she laughs along because we all know it could have been anyone of us. It still makes me laugh today not as much as it did back when it really happened, but you @CAPS2 still get a laugh on it every now and then."
