My relationship with laughter.  Well the first time I came face to face with laughter was when I met my boyfriend for the first time. Before I met him I was depressed all the time and my friends couldn't stand it anymore. But when my friends introduced me to him I fell in love for the first time I was happy for once not depressed and all alone in a corner crying all the time. When that happened for the first time in almost a year I smiled I didn't smile until the day I met him. That's when my friends knew that i found someone to take care of me and love me for who I am.  Later in the relationship is where laughter came into play I was laughing all the time when I was around him and not upset all the time. That's when we started hanging out but, it took all of our friends to us to hang out. After we stated to hang out we got to know each other better then we did for the beginning when we first met. It took until freshmen year for us to start dating. That is when I found out I suppose ably dating someone else and not him I didn't believe it at first until that guy came up to me and started yelling.   He came up to me and comforted me in front of my friends and said "@CAPS1 are @CAPS3 cheating on me and it's over?" with a guy @CAPS3 just met. Then he tried telling me it was over and I told him "We were never dating in the first place!". My friends walked up to me and saw me in tears and asked me whats wrong and tried to find me someone new. By the time @CAPS4 did I was with another guy and I'm happy with him and nothing can change that he will always be there for me and no matter what happens between us. He is the best thing that has ever happened to me and he makes me laugh when I'm upset or mad he says "don't worry everything will be okay I promise so just believe in me."  Laughter has been in this relationship for almost a year now so we don't plan to change that unless one of us messes up again we have messed up so many time that we don't know what to do anymore. If it leaves now I don't know what I'm going to do it's apart of my life and the relationship now lets see if we can keep it together with out messing up this time around. This part of my relationship is the best and it wont change at least I hope that it wont because it would make me go back to living in fear of my step dad I'm glade that I found someone. I hope that it doesn't change because laughter is what comes with him and when I'm around him he makes me laugh and no one has ever been able to make me laugh when I was crying not even my friends and family. Now that laughter is here almost all the time I can't wait until the day that sorrow goes out the window. So now that me and him are together and happy and hopefully nothing goes bad between us because of how much we love each other and I'm not my bubbly self when he's not around. Six to @CAPS2 of my friends say " @CAPS3 are losing your bubbly self don't let her disappear on @CAPS3 she is there to guide @CAPS3 down the road." @CAPS4 also told my dad that I don't really hang out with them anymore and the reason @CAPS1 I don't is because @CAPS4 can be bossy and @CAPS4 tell me what I can and can't do. @CAPS1 can't people just understand that this relationship isn't going to work if @CAPS4 keep getting in the middle of it @CAPS4 all think that my life revolves around them and it doesn't. My relationship with laughter has nothing to do with my friends and family it has to do with my boyfriend and me and that's @CAPS1 I told @CAPS3 about my relationship with laughter. Lets just say my relationship with laughter will always be here and nothing will change it not even my parents or his parents we can promise @CAPS3 that much. @CAPS1 can't this relationship just have a happy ending to it with out anyone or anything trying to get in the middle of it? I just wish that there was a world @CAPS3 could just run away to with out anyone knowing where it's at in the world. Well just to say nothing can make this relationship ever go bad unless we start to fight again with each other I hope that nothing will tear us apart and if it does who knows what will happen.
