 My friend @ORGANIZATION2 received a random phone call in the @TIME1. It was his friends from high school there were three of them. The weird thing about that is they haven't talked much since high school. Surprised @ORGANIZATION2 asked what was going on and how they were doing: assuming they were in jail or something in that matter. Instead the friends replied and told him how they was doing and then told @ORGANIZATION2 they wanted to go on a road trip. @ORGANIZATION2 thought to himself "why the heck are you telling me about this", and then said cool. what do you need from me? The friend replied saying he needed @ORGANIZATION2 to plan the trip because they did not have computers and they couldn't read maps. at the end of the phone call @ORGANIZATION2 finally said he would help and plan the trip out. Then asked the friend were he would want to go for this trip, The friend replied I don't know i wanna see a professional baseball game and were ever @ORGANIZATION1 land is i would love to go there. A week and a half went by later @ORGANIZATION2 called his friends back to tell them the plans. Proudly he said after his hard work of planning for them. its a ten day trip for you guys starting in @LOCATION1 then driving down to @LOCATION2's @ORGANIZATION1 and on the way down and back hit up (watch) a game from all five of the professional baseball teams down in @LOCATION2, then go to six flags another amusement park like @ORGANIZATION1. The friends replied what do you mean you guys? You are coming with us. @ORGANIZATION2 was super surprised and told them :you guys haven't talked to me in about five years and then you randomly want to go on a road trip with me he said sounding kind of confused. The friends replied well we need your car and we don't know how to drive and again we don't know how to read maps. Thinking hard about the situation @ORGANIZATION2 finally caved in and told them yes but then gave conditions. He split up tasks for his friends so he wouldn't be stuck with all of the work.For example he gave one of the guys the task of finding hotels and places to stay, another was finding gas stations, and the other friend had to find all the restaurants they were going to eat at.  The trip had started and for @ORGANIZATION2 the vacation was much needed and unexpectedly fun and relaxing. At lest for now. Everything was going through and working according to plan they hit up and joyfully watched four of the five baseball games and had a great time, then @ORGANIZATION1 land went above and beyond expectation, and even six flags was exiting and brought @ORGANIZATION2 and his friends back to feeling like they were in the good old high school days.The only slight bit of worry for trouble was one of the friends became behind on his task of finding hotels and places to stay for everyone. the friend had the nights were they stayed at a relatives or friends lived mostly setup. but for the hotels they were kind of last minuet. Last few days before heading back plans were still going accordingly.They just had one more event. the giants baseball game, then stay with there old high school buddy who moved down to @LOCATION2. making sure they would have a place to stay for sure @ORGANIZATION2 asked the friend in charge of finding places to stay. The friend replayed with a"no i haven't talked to him yet. i will call him later."this made @ORGANIZATION2 a little uneasy, so he told his friend no call him now.the friend did.There other friend picked up to bring bad news he was back in @LOCATION1. @ORGANIZATION2 thought to him self I knew this trip was to good to be true. On the @TIME1 of the baseball game things felt rushed. @ORGANIZATION2 and his friends had to leave really early because the traffic in @LOCATION2 is so random and bad. Mean while @ORGANIZATION2 for got to use the restroom and two hours into the trip to the giants game things started to take a bad turn. @ORGANIZATION2 had to go bad. But his friends kept him going saying the traffic is good we need to keep going. which @ORGANIZATION2 listened and kept going. Then traffic came to a stand still. @ORGANIZATION2 was going to go in his pants!so he pulled off and drove down the side of the high way surprised he didn't get pulled over he miraculously ended up at giants stadium then he saw a portable potty he pulled over and raced to it,it was locked. @ORGANIZATION2 looked around and saw another one. he takes off as fast as he could for it. And yes it was open finally @ORGANIZATION2 thought to him self ecstatically! he stepped inside but then looking at the urinal he realizes he didn't get there fast enough and embarrassingly he went in his pants.
