All the great memories that @LOCATION2 and I, spent and shared together when we were really good bestfriends. We were around @NUM1 years old and in @NUM2 through @NUM3 grade. Ofcourse we got older as the years went by, but we had soo many great times together. When ever we hung out, we would always laugh about almost everything, and most of the time we would just never let alot of stupid things get to us. Whenever I needed someone to talk to she would be the one. She went through a life that was almost the same as what I went through in life, and so she knows what I or even she needs to do or say. Even though we would always have lots of fun, we would have our moments and fight, but alwways work things out. We'd always have each others back for everything. I guess what im trying to say is that, two people who are close always have their great needs and feelings, and especially their laughter in the relationship. Here are some times that @LOCATION2 and I shared and spent together that pretty much led up to laughter.I remember in @NUM2 grade, both of us would always try to hang out whenever we could. We were still young so it was hard to do be able to do anything becuase our parents wouldnt let us most the time. Whenever we did though, we would think about random games, and go to different places just to have fun. As we got older though we were trusted more and could do lots more of things, which was a good thing. Then I moved to @LOCATION1, not the greatest thing, but it was for love. What made it better was that she still came over all the time. We would go and pick her up on @DATE1 and then on @DATE2 my mom would drive to school because my mom still went to work there in florence. Every night that she was there we would always stay up. I remember that I would always keep these little hot chocalate packages in my room and after my parents went to bed we'd sneak out to go get hot water for it so that we would have hot chocalate to drink. Some other times we would make coffee so that we could stay up longer. It was hard sometimes because my room was right across from my parents room and at the time I had beads hanging from my door. Fun times trying to keep quiet and not get caught. Sometimes when she came over she would bring all her make up and things so that we could dress each other up. One night we had blind folds on and do each others makeup.
