 In my opinion, I think that laughter is a very important part of life. What would the world be like without laughter and jokes? It would be a very boring and dull place. I can't even imagine what it would be like. The world needs to have laughter in it. People need to make jokes and they need to have laughter and comedy in their life. I myself have a lot of laughter in my life. One day in fifth grade my best friend and I were jogging around the track for gym class. We were running together and talking and telling jokes to each other to help pass the time because it was really boring. I told this one really awesome joke, I can't remember what it was, and he started laughing so hard. We were both laughing together to the point we were crying. He fell down on the track, and rolled off into the grass. I said "@CAPS1 on we need to keep going or the gym teacher will get mad". He said, "I can't, I just peed my pants!." That made me laugh even more. He got up and walked over to the gym teacher. The gym teacher told my friend to go to the nurse's office. After gym class was over I met him back up with him in the classroom and he told me he called his mom and she brought him a new pair of underwear and pants. I wonder what his mom must have thought. It was a funny day.  We have always talked about that day together from then on. I would always jokingly make fun of him for peeing his pants, but I told him a funny joke. Our whole relationship was based on making each other laugh and telling jokes. Just all around the two of us being stupid together was what we did. Jokes and laughter made our friendship so much better and gave me amazing memories that I might possibly have for the rest of my life. At the same time, if you have no jokes and laughter in your friendship, it can make your relationship very boring and lame. If you do not have any, or little laughter in your friendship, then you do not have fun with that person and it makes you not want to hang around them because it just feels boring.  I have this other friend named @CAPS2, I occasionally go over to his house and we hang out and play video games together. The weird thing is, we hardly even communicate with each other. We just do stuff and don't have any fun with it. There is no jokes or laughter or anything awesome like that. We just play his video games silently not saying a word to the other person. Its the most pathetic thing I have ever seen. It is the most boring friendship two people could have. It is really boring over there because we just do the same thing over and over. I don't really like going over there that much. I would rather be at a different friends house having fun, but I still go over there anyway and I am not sure why. Without jokes and laughter in a friendship, it just makes things boring and not fun. It is something you definitely need to have. Laughter is not just an important element in a friendship, it is also an important element to have in a dating relationship. If you are dating somebody, then you absolutely need to have laughter in your relationship. If you look around you always see couples making jokes together and laughing with each other all the time, having fun. It makes their relationship interesting and enjoyable. Think about it, who wants to date a boring person that doesn't like to laugh and make jokes? Nobody wants to. So in a dating relationship you especially need laughter and comedy more than in a friendship. You want to keep things going good so the other person likes you and thinks your funny. That is one of the key things that makes a couple close. So as you can see by my three examples, laughter really makes a big difference in relationships and just in life in general. If you have laughter in a friendship it can really impact the relationship in a very good way. It makes it an interesting and fun relationship. Laughter makes people happy and get along with each other. If you are feeling down, laughter can always bring you up and make you feel better. It is almost like a medicine. If you do not have laughter, it can really make things suck, and make the relationship boring. Nobody wants that. People do not want a boring, lifeless relationship with somebody. Laughter is something that bring people together in a good way. It brings all of my friends together and makes us better friends. We have a good time and really enjoy ourselves. Laughter is a great thing that everybody needs to have in their life. 
