 It has been said that "Laughter is the spark of the soul." I agree with this statement wholeheartedly. Laughter can do wonders for the soul; it truly does ignite a spark. And once that spark has been ignited watch out, it will burn like a wild fire. As the fire burns it will go on a rampage throughout the the body. First its that uncontrollably smile that brings an ache to your cheeks, then the butterflies that marvelously flutters through your stomach, next comes the tingling sensation deep within your toes, and last but not least the tears of joy come streaming from your eyes. Had these feelings before? That'@CAPS5 the rampage I'm talking about; let the fire burn.  Laughter is an extraordinary thing--it can turn an awkward or embarrassing situation into a much more relaxed one. Unfortunately, in my story about laughter I wasn't the one laughing...About three weeks ago while my sister was at gymnastics, my mom, my best friend @CAPS1, and I went to visit my grandparents and to see how the work on our new barn was progressing. After spending sometime at their house it was time to pick up my sister, @CAPS2. My grandpa ever so kindly offered to go pick her up but then I mentioned that @CAPS1 and I could go do it. As we were driving to town in my grandpas @LOCATION1, everything seemed fine; just another ordinary day. After we had arrived at the gymnastics center we headed inside and waited for @PERSON1 to finish. However, as we were walking out my sister said she was hungry and asked me to stop at @ORGANIZATION1. I pulled up to the order board and ordered her food. The lady then asked me to drive around to the first window to pay. After doing as she asked, I received my change, put the truck in drive, and began pulling forward--when all of the sudden I heard a loud crunch! My heart dropped as I looked in my side mirror. I hadn't pulled out far enough and had hit the side of the building.  Now before I go on I just want you to know that I have been driving since I was about seven and am usually a very good driver. But hey, that first crash happens to all of us, right? Well back to my story, as I was driving back to my grandparents house it took everything I had not to cry. After we arrived back at their house @CAPS1 and I ran into the house and got a cup of hot water, soap, toothbrushes, and a @CAPS5.O.@CAPS5. pad. We scrubbed and scrubbed until all the red paint from the side of the the building was gone. The dent didn't look so bad once the paint was gone and the truck was back to white. I was absolutely terrified to tell my grandparents about the truck! After waiting about an hour I finally got up the courage to tell them what had happened. My grandpa put on his shoes and we went out to look at the damage. As I started crying because I felt so bad, my grandpa just started laughing and reminding me that it was just a truck and it can be fixed.The fact that he just laughed really made the situation a lot less stressful. Laughter brings people together and creates bonds that will last a lifetime. So no matter if you're laughing about something that makes you happy or a situation that maybe isn't so good, let the fire burn.
