 Life is a serious matter that should be taken into consideration. Life is what you make it and I have gave my best efforts to achieve this goal; even when it seems senseless. It maybe be hard to not be an effect of the worlds chaos and daily epidemic but doesn't seem easier or less stressful to smile than to frown. To live life in the moment with no worries of what is gonna happen just to be care free, I would consider it exhilarating. To be nothing but the purest form of tranquility.   My memories as a child are faint, but I am glad to say that I have some. Happiness as a child is most pure in my position . I long for that purity I once had, as most do. It was my favorite pair of plastic barbie high heal shoes or my special princess backpack with every princess or @CAPS1 @CAPS2. It was my parents making funny faces that made me explode in laughter because I could not possible hold it in any longer. All I longed for was a pick-nick under my favorite long green haired willow tree, to feel as free as the birds, to sing their beautiful songs, and to dance around with a never ending smile. It's the fragile youth of a child I longed for. It's a fragile youth of a child. As life goes on my purity has faded and the distance from people, the community, and myself has extended till I felt alone in sol om. I had changed as person when life when life burned me one to many times. I felt god had betray me if not hated me. I then had became a stone cold wall that no one could penetrate. But as I gazed into the mirror I no longer seen a @CAPS3 for life just hatred. This moment in time changed my life perspective. My strong hatred for the world was begin to handicap me in various if not most important aspect. If couldn't open up to myself - how could I open up to the world? To @CAPS3, to learn, to be free, and to grow was my ultimate goal. Within myself I learned the most important lesson; laughter and wiliness to be optimistic, compassionate, and understanding. Someone once said ,"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."I believe this is an honest opinion worth trying to prove. Laughter changed my life, my world, and it's a reoccurring symptom that take pride in everyday. In my most embarrassing moments, most angry of times, and even within my deepest sorrows I still manage to scrap up a smile. Helping people helped me realize and understand this is passion of mine. I want to help the world not hide from their pain but just to realize life can take a twisted turn and still end up being alright. Even within the deepest darkest caves, their is always a rock awaiting to crumb to bring light. To me their is always a light at the end of the tunnel. In my light -- a smile can carry. I want to be that light. I want to be that re-leaving feeling that everything will be all right. so I live me life through a gracious smile. In my perspective if you create a smile and you will receive three more. This is my motto," @CAPS3 life for what it's new adventures bring, just smile, the world will continuously turn as life rolls on."
