 Laughter is huge part of everyone's life. It's used to express several different emotions. It's used to bridge the gap between people and break the awkward barrier. People laugh at their own mistakes which show others that they too make mistakes.  Some people can communicate through laughter and know what the other is feeling. For instance one time while i was on a long car ride and very bored and about to fall asleep. So out of no where I began laughing with my friend and laughing different ways and carried on a whole conversation just with laughter. Laughing can bring others together by sharing common interests; everyone laughs. I laugh more than others I'm sure of it. Laughter is a huge part of my life, honestly with out it my life would be boring and depressing. I laugh so much sometimes that my side and stomach hurts so bad. I also make a lot of mistakes and am very clumsy so i get laughed at a lot. My family is a very close and hilarious family we make a lot of mistakes constantly everyday. For my great grandma's @DATE1 we were planning a surprise party. While we were planning it my grandma kept getting suspicious and asking what we were doing. So we kept telling her that we were going to get her a stripper for her @DATE1. So we managed to talk my uncle bobby into being a stripper and climbing out of a box and so he did and it ended up scaring my grandma. Until this day we still talk about that day and laugh about it all the time. Everyday my aunt acts in a ridiculous and funny way and so most of the time i laugh at her. She is always dancing at music on commercials or singing opera. My great grandma always eats foods that make her pass gas, and it's hilarious because sometimes she doesn't even realize that she is doing it. My great grandma also likes to dance and it also hilarious because the dance moves that she knows are far different then the ones today. I believe that with out laughter my family would not be as close as we are. With out laughter i would not be as close to my friends. You can bond over laughter it sometimes forces you to ask questions and get to know people in other ways you would not. It makes you comfortable around people and able to share things and act silly and not worry about your appearance. Laughter can also change your emotion from mad to happy in an instance. For example i was riding dirt bikes with my younger cousin and he decided that he wanted to go through this swamp with his bike. I told him it wasn't very wise because i knew it was not possible for him to go through there with out getting stuck and yet he tried it anyway. So as i assumed he got the bike stuck and since i was the only one with him i had to help him get the bike unstuck. It took forever for us to get the bike out. As soon as we did he tried to drive through again and got it stuck yet another time. I was very upset with my cousin but as i was getting ready to yell and leave him he fell in the mud head first and it instantly changed my mood. Even still today i laugh about the matter even though i didn't think it was very funny at the time.  Even though laughter is good it can also be bad; @CAPS1 laughing at others while they are hurt and crying, or laughing at stupid ignorant pranks, or even laughing at people while they are making bad decisions. Decisions @CAPS1 drinking, drunk people are funny but the fact of being drunk or drinking at all is not. You can actually influence people to make bad decisions by laughing at them. Laughing at them makes them think that it's @CAPS2 to do what they are doing because it is making others laugh. So laughter is healthy but it is also unhealthy in a way.
