 Laughter is the most important part when you meet other people. Even a light smile can change the image of whole person. Sometimes, people practice their laughter to get better image of themselves. I believe that every people contain their own personality in their laughter. How you laugh is the way to express how you feel. For example, you can tell you are not comfortable by chuckling nervously, or you can tell it wasn't actually funny sarcastically by laughing without any tone or emotions like a robot. You can tell lots of things with a laughter. Usually, friendships are made automatically when two people have something in common and agree with each other. And a laughter is the best way to agree with somebody else. As an @CAPS1, I had very hard time expressing my emotions with my laughter. As I know, many @CAPS2 people don't know that @CAPS1 can't smile as well as white people because their facial muscles are not very much developed. That's why other people think @CAPS4 are always angry and doesn't like humor. Thanks to that, I had lots of misunderstandings about my laughter. When I laugh, I don't look like I'm laughing which makes an unnatural laughter. When I first got here, it was in middle of semester and I couldn't speak @CAPS5 as well as I do now. I had no friends at all. It was a really hard job becoming a friend of someone without knowing what they know, or what their sense of humor is. In @LOCATION1, I usually made friends by making them laugh, but in here, I didn't know how to make them laugh. I had to listen to them quietly what they were laughing about, and I had to figure out what kind of sense of humor they had. Finally, when I made one friend, I still couldn't laugh. I didn't understand any of words what they were talking about. I didn't know when to laugh and where to laugh. It seems quite silly when I look back then right now, but I was really serious. I really missed @LOCATION1 where I had friends I can understand and laugh together. Living without sense of humor made me very depressed. I suddenly stopped laughing at all because I thought laughing alone would look stupid. I kept searching about this country's culture, and I tried to watch television more to learn what they have in their heads. And then, I finally understood those slang words they used and I could laugh when other laughed. I was really happy. I was so happy that I could make other people laugh. I made lots of friends and I laughed with them. But I still couldn't understand some of the language or some other things they laugh about, but I just laughed when they laughed. It made me feel I was one of them when I laughed with them, and I was really happy about it. There was a research about laughter and life, and it said that you live longer when you laugh more. They say that even fake laughter can fool your brain and it can be healthy. Then I saw a doctor who can cure people only by laughter. There are some groups of people who laugh together to be healthy. They gather around and starts laughing. It was really strange when I first saw that group on @CAPS6, but I saw people's effort to be healthy. I figured that fake laughter makes everyone happy, and laughter can cover every person's mistake. I also figured that there are still many ways to laugh in this world. By a small laughter, or even a fake laughter, we can make a better society and live a better life.
