One day I woke @CAPS6 staring out my window and was listening to the birds chirp out my window I usually leave my window open to sleep with fresh air because I hate breathing in my own breath its to warm anyways as I woke @CAPS6 I walked out and ate some rice crispy s with my to sisters @PERSON2 and @PERSON3. As I was about to finish I had realized I was late for school I was only I @NUM1 grade so I ran got dressed and told my sisters to @CAPS5 and get ready but you no how girls can be putting @CAPS4 there make-@CAPS6 and doing there hair.      My sister @PERSON2 was in @NUM2 grade and my other sister was in @NUM3 grade our schools were right next to each other so they finally got ready and we were @CAPS4 our way heading off to school ready for an awesome day with my teacher @PERSON4hawk. She wasn't the nicest teacher in the world but I only liked her was because when we were cleaning our desk she gave us shaving cream and me and my friend @PERSON1 would have so much fun playing in the cream. We began the day with a book and the book was by "@CAPS1 foul" I can't recall the name but I remember the cover was gold an was about ghouls and monsters the way she read it was like if we were there that book was so intense even tho i really didn't understand it. Next she would give us a math worksheet I know right math in @NUM1 grade but I was really smart at math and she would always pick @CAPS4 me and give me harder math then others and when I asked her why I was getting harder math then the other kids she had told me I was different. I new I was smarter then some kids but not all so I never knew if that was a complement or an insult but I really didn't care. So now that we got that out of the way we can get to the fun part were all the laughter is so school is over right and I'm trying to find my sister to walk me home, after @NUM5 min looking for i find her walking to the cross walk I yell her name "@CAPS2". She looks and I'm running to her and her friends as you no she didn't want to be seen with an annoying little brother so she ran across the street.   My dad was waiting in the car and my sister got to the car before me and I was in a @CAPS5 to get to the car and I had to wait for the cross guard lady to @CAPS3 to me. At last she finally had noticed me, I was @CAPS4 walking in an hurried past to get to the car because I had herd my dad yelling "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6"so I was walking faster and faster and as I was walking I herd from a distance a car speeding down the street, but what I hadn't noticed it was it was heading straight for me. The car came flying around the corner nearly hit the cross guard lady, the car had hit the crossing stick the out of no were I was hit flying and rolling down the street. I was hit and bruised cuts every were my dad was panicking ran out of the car screaming at the lady who had hit me and getting her information license plate number.    As I was laying @CAPS4 the ground my dad came to me and was trying to get me @CAPS6 he pulled down my pants to see the damage and remember I had my scooby-doo underwear @CAPS4 and every one was staring at me I was more embarrassed then hurt I didn't feel the pain until the next day so I was all good I couldn't walk so my dad ran put me in the car and every one was laughing at me because they saw my underwear @CAPS4 and my dad rushed me to the house and then called the ambulance. they told my dad that I would be able to walk again but would have trouble doing sports because i have a fractured hip. i was living the dream my sisters were spoiling me giving me candy and my dad giving me ice cream and @CAPS4 top of that I couldn't feel the pain. Bu t the fireman said I should be able to go to school the next day and I did and my mean old teacher saw me and i was limping and what she told me got me mad she had told me to "stop faking it". I had told my mom that and she got so mad man you would not want to be that teacher so lets say it wasn't pretty. You're probably wondering what happened to the lady who hit me she pays for my docter bills. 
