 I choose to have a positive out look on life and I'm generally a happy person. Who wants to go through life mad all the time? Even at my lowest I know that I have a lot to be thankful for. Because of this, laughter is an every day factor of my life. When I'm with friends and family I am always laughing. Laughter is my medicine and I wouldn't be the same girl with out it. When I was in the fourth grade my family and I began going to a new @CAPS3 I didn't know any one there and I was really nervous about going to @DATE1 @TIME1. Mom walked me down the stairs to the classroom and the teacher introduced herself to me. Her name was @PERSON1. She was pretty and very tall with a funny australian accent. She was wearing alligator skin boots with black jeans and a pink top. Ms. @PERSON1 introduced me to the class stating my name and grade. after taking my seat we recited @CAPS1 versus and read short clips of @CAPS2 stories. When @CAPS3 had ended mom came downstairs to gt me. Reculctant as I was to see her I took hold of her hand, said bye to @PERSON1,and went back upstairs without one word from any of the other kids, but on our way upstairs a girl about my age, from which i recognized from the class said goodbye to me. I returned her nice gesture with a smile and a wave. One week later mom took me downstairs to @ORGANIZATION1. This time I was relentless and determined to make a new friend. I went and sat down next to the girl who said goodbye to me last week. I introduced myself to her and she told me her name was @PERSON2. We soon became very close. Every week I was so excited for @CAPS3 so I could spend time with @ORGANIZATION2. We became best friends! We played on the same soccer team together and we pretty much live at one anothers houses. In fact @PERSON2 has her own toothbrush at my house and I have one at her house as well. One time @PERSON2 and I were in @CAPS3, and now that we are older we go to the main service, we laughed so hard we almost peed our pants! @PERSON2 and I have so many great memories together and though we are becoming older the memories will last forever.
