 Laughter is an extremely important aspect for maintaining a relationship with someone or even a group of people. Some greatly beneficial uses of laughter include relieving tension in any intense or high pressure situation as well as connecting with other people in a more meaningful way. The implication of laughter is also a great way to create new friends. It is my opinion that healthy relationships whether they be a friendship or even greater, hardly exist without laughter and cannot flourish without it. I personally use laughter on a daily basis for these reasons among many others and it is a monumental element of my relationship with my father's side of the family. One specific example of how I utilize the essential tool of laughter in my family is to reconnect with members whom i have not seen in a long period of time. Laughter is a tremendous element of my relationship with my father's entire family, and small family meetings as well as full family reunions do not exist without it. Being that they are scattered across @LOCATION2, and very few live in the vicinity of @LOCATION1, visiting with these family members is a rare occasion. The most admirable quality of my father's side of the family is the innate sense of humor that everyone shares. Laughter simply seems to be another form of communication for our family and is the main reason we get along so well. Relationships that I share with individual family members can be observed in every family assembly as well. Just @DATE1 my sister was pregnant with her first child and her baby shower was set to be in @DATE2. This event holds a specific example where laughter was a predominant element of a relationship between myself and one of my family members. Not only was I to be the only guy there, but I was also to be placed at a table with my aunt whom I had not seen for over a year. Although we had always enjoyed eachother's company in the past, I dreaded an awkward reunion and sitting in complete silence for the entirety of the festivities. The day of my sister's baby shower inevitably arrived and to my surprise, I was nervous. I assisted with the set up of the decorations as well as the other amenities and found my seat. Within ten minutes of doing so, my aunt and table partner entered and located her seat which was adjacent to mine. However nervous I had been, the very first thing my aunt did eased any tension that had built up in me and reminded me why I get along so well with my father's family. My aunt greeted me by cracking a joke towards how I was the only guy attending the shower. For the duration of the party, all I heard was jokes coming from my aunt and the laughter shared between the two of us. We reconnected and bonded as both family members as well as good friends and the use of laughter was responsible for it all. Through the use of laughter my aunt and I reconnected with one another and possibly had the most fun out of anyone who attended. Whether we were making jokes about some of the party gifts, or simply enjoying one of the ridiculous games, my aunt and myself were laughing hysterically. on this specific day and many others before and after, laughter was not only an element, but was the sole reason for my friendly relationship with my aunt.
