 Moving schools is never easy, especially for a fourth grader. I had been dreading going back to a new school all @DATE2 and the day had arrived. My @CAPS1 reassured me as I reluctantly walked onto the bus. As I scanned the seats it became apparent to me that I needed to try to make new friends or live out my fourth grade career a loner. The bus ride was a quiet one, I did not talk to anyone nor did they talk to me. The school day started like any other. First the teacher assigned everyone their seats in groups of two, I sat by a boy named @PERSON1. At first I thought my school life would remain a solo one, I wasn't sure what my seating partners problem was but no words were being exchanged. The rest of the day went by rather fast, before I knew it it was over. I had made it though my first day of school. The bus ride home was not much different than the ride to school, as I got off the bus at my house my mother was there to ask how my day went. After telling her all about it she said that I should try to just be myself and eventually I would make friends. It was @DATE1, I got up that morning with a sense of new found motivation. I got ready for the day and waited at my bus stop, I kept waiting for almost a half hour before I went to my mom. After phoning the school we discovered that my bus had been in a minor accident so I had to be driven to school that day. My mom was surprised but told me to get into the car and she would take me to school, just as we were pulling out of our driveway I notice @PERSON1, my seating partner, was waiting at his bus stop oblivious to what had happened. Screeching to a halt my mom rolled down her window to ask him if he wanted a ride. At first he seemed unsure but he took us up on the offer. The car ride was spent in silence, listening to the radio. We made it to school and me and @PERSON1 start walking to class. I don't know what got into me but I felt like running down the sidewalk to our classroom. Sprinting down the sidewalk while @PERSON1 is watching, I almost made it to class until one of the teachers decided to open their door. At full speed I ran head first into the door and fell backwards onto the sidewalk. After rubbing a major bump on my head I turn around to see @PERSON1 laughing hysterically. I got somewhat mad at first until I thought about it, and it was probably funny to the onlookers. Scraping my self off the cement I walk over to @PERSON1, We laugh about the incident and head to class. That day we spent the entire class talking, even getting into trouble a time of two. Ever since that day @PERSON1 has been a good friend of mine, its been eight years since we met and there is no end in sight. Overall in my opinion laughter is an important part of daily life, and a great way to make friends.
