 Laughter is very important in my life. I laugh everyday. People wouldn't be the same without laughter, and the world wouldn't be the same. Two days ago, my @CAPS1 class went to the computer lab to type our @CAPS2 writing test. Much of the class was groaning about having to write this essay. I was annoyed because I already had passed the essay, and I didn't want to take it again, but I had to. Once I got to the computer lab, I sat in my chair and logged into my account.  After a few minutes my computer finally loaded, and I could log into @CAPS2. Once I got there I logged in, and my computer froze. I had noticed that some of the other students computers had also frozen. I laughed at them for their computer being frozen, and they laughed at me because mine was frozen. After a few minutes my account finally logged in, and I selected to take the essay. After my computer being frozen for a few minutes, I got an error message, and it logged me out of @CAPS2. This had also happened to @MONTH1 of the other students, and I laughed because of my my classmate's computer was still frozen and the screen was white. I logged back in and it froze for a while.  I tried logging in again, but kept getting different errors. I noticed that many of my other classmates also had gotten these error messages, or their computers were still frozen. After a few attempts, my test finally loaded, and I could begin the test. After debating for a moment, my teacher told the whole class to log off because only a few members had been able to make it to the test. I then logged off, and logged back into @CAPS2. My computer started to log me in, but then it froze and logged me out of @CAPS2. This had also happened to many of the other students taking the test. After trying to log in, the farthest I could reach was waiting for my @CAPS7 to approve me. My @CAPS7 said that he had approved me several time,s but nothing had worked.  After a few minutes of my computer not letting take the test, I logged off of my account, and got back on. At this time, I was laughing because it had worked before, but I wasn't able to get back to my test. By now over half the period had gone by. No one, not even the @CAPS7, knew what was going on, but very few people had started their test. After a few more tries, and nothing being able to work, the class was almost over. My @CAPS7 told us to log off the computers and wait for another day to complete this test. When I walked into the room, I thought it was going to a very boring period. I was wrong, in a good way. The class wasn't boring, and I spent much of it laughing.Although I didn't get my essay done, it was a good class. This was a good experience, and I'm sure I will be able to look back and remember this day for a long time.
