 One day is was almost @CAPS1 and my sister, my mom, and I were all in the kitchen making desserts and a bunch of food for @CAPS1 eve dinner. My mom had to leave and go to the store to get more ingredients. Once my mom left my sister and I were still busy working away in the kitchen. I was working on one thing and she was working on another. Finally she was done with making the cookies and decided to help me with the lemon blossoms ( little lemon glazed cakes). The directions called for a fourth of a cup of lemon juice. @CAPS4 i told my sister to get the lemon juice out of the lemons. At this point in time I am making the little cakes, my sister yells at me and asks " do I just squeeze @CAPS3?" and I thinking she cut @CAPS3 says yes. Well I was wrong my sister yells at me again and says " @CAPS3 isn't working." @CAPS4 i turn around to find her squeezing an un-cut lemon trying to get the lemon juice out of @CAPS3 I just looked at her told her she needed to cut @CAPS3 and started laughing. I don't think I have ever laughed that hard. As I am on the floor crying because I am laughing @CAPS4 hard my mom comes into the kitchen with a bag full of grocery's and the first words out of her mouth were " @CAPS5 did @CAPS6 do." @CAPS7 if you can believe @CAPS3 i started laughing even harder. Also my sister to this day is still called lemons. This is because my family and I thought @CAPS3 was @CAPS4 funny that all of our family and friends should know about this little experience my sister had with lemons. From this experience i have learned that laughing is important in @CAPS4 many ways, @CAPS3 can bring friends and family closer together, @CAPS3 can make any relationship stronger. This experience in the end made my sister and I a lot closer in many ways and now we always laugh together and I would rather laugh than fight with her. My sister and I since this incident have become @CAPS4 much closer to the point now that we can tell each other anything and everything. I think everyone should laugh because you might not know that laughing over the stupidest thing could make any relationship better and make the two people closer. @CAPS4 live life to the fullest and laugh as much as you can because you never know when a good laugh could help you become friends with someone or bring you and someone closer than ever.
