The @CAPS1 We @CAPS2 in @CAPS3  Laughter is a usual @CAPS1 used in many different ways, to release tension, to appreciate a funny joke, or maybe just to express a giggly mood. I find that laughter is the key to having a close relationship with people. It could be because each persons laugh is personal and every time someone laughs they aren't thinking about how they look or what they should say next to fill the awkward silence, their guard is completely down for just an instant. Growing up with my father has proven this fact to me by having our relationship based off of laughing our problems, or difficulties with one another, away. Although I @CAPS2 a good relationship with my @CAPS4 the relationship with my @CAPS7 has always been a silent and guarded one because we @CAPS2 been unsuccessful in bringing humor to the relationship. Which proves to me the point that laughter and humor are two very important things in creating a bond between two people.  Ever since I was a young girl my father and I @CAPS2 always been very close and I @CAPS2 begun to realize that whenever I speak of him to an adult or anyone really, they will know him. Everyone always seems to know my @CAPS4. It might be because of his humor, or maybe because older women find him attractive, or maybe because he's nice, either way he's been popular his whole life. Also, ever since I've known my @CAPS4 he has never been much of a serious type of guy, he will make some sort of humorous comment or joke no matter the circumstance. It doesn't matter if I'm sad, or enraged under the spell of my adolescence and hormones, my mood will completely change and because of this it has shown me the power of laughter. The relationship between my @CAPS7 and I, however, has always been a rocky one, for several reasons I'm sure but one of them I believe is we were never capable of laughing together, or enjoying ourselves. See, she comes from @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 and in @LOCATION3 things are done a bit differently. Laughing or fooling around for instance is considered being disrespectful or immature, everyone is to act properly and children are to respect their elders. So when my @CAPS4 married her, I introduced her to sarcasm and jokes. I never got the reaction I was looking for, and since there was never that connection through laughs and humor I felt guarded around her. I @CAPS2 never been able to feel like I can express myself around her. I constantly feel judged and awkward and this has allowed me to see the effects of absence of laughter.  A human beings laughter is emotional and personal, like crying, it immediately allows you to feel happy, sort of like a drug. Once you get someone to laugh you are allowing them to open up to you in a small way, and not only are they opening up to you, but by the good reaction you received you begin to create a connection with them. If there is no laughter in a relationship with two people it tends to get awkward and neither person can feel comfortable opening up to each other. Since I am my @CAPS9 daughter, I tend to apply jokes in the same way he does. When there's tension, when someone's upset and I want to immediately solve the problem, I make them laugh.  Someone once said that "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people", how I interpret this quote is that laughter is the one @CAPS1 everyone enjoys doing, it can either build or keep relationships going. It's the one @CAPS1 we will always @CAPS2 in @CAPS3. So c'mon guys laugh a little.
