 When I was about thirteen me and my older brother dissuaded we where going to spend the day fishing. I got out of bed that morning, throw on a pair of old torn up blue jeans and when downstairs to get some breakfast. On my way I could smell the sweet aroma of eggs and hash browns that made my mouth water. My brother was up and about and had just finished his plate. My mom handed me my plate and and I reached for the bottle of @CAPS1.Ethan was sitting across from me as i ate and said"We'll leave in an hour or so".I said okay and went on eating.After breakfast we gathered our poles and tackle boxes and put them in the car along with an old boat we kind of jacked of the old neighbor lady. We put our stuff in the van and mom drove us into town. It was about eight in the morning so we wouldn't get back home till about three or four in the afternoon depending on how the fishing is. There was a little store in town and the creek went right behind it. It was a small creek. I grew up on it so I thought i knew what to expect. We put in behind the store and our mom left after telling us to be safe. It was a chilly @DATE1 morning and a little cloudy. The water was cold and my brother said I should wear his waiters. I thought it was silly seeing as we would be in a boat. Burt I put them on and we put the boat in the water. This was the first time we ever even used the boat so it was exciting.   As we went down stream the water got fast and loud and the embankment was like a wall to the outside world. As we took the next corner there it was. A water fall about as tall as a man. Not the kind you would see in the movies but it was good enough for our eyes. Right in the middle of it was a big rock and water went around both sides of it. We where pushed right up agenced the rock and where all most thrown from the boat and we grabbed the rock for dear life.We where stuck and I looked at my brother and he kneaded as if to say down is the only way.So with that being said we both let go and let the water have us. As soon as we let go it was like being om the back of a two thousand pound animal in a rodeo the only lasts a second. When the boat sunk my waiters filled up instantly and and it took all i had just to hold on to that boat that was pulling us down stream now. We lost all of our gear except the tackle boxes, an oar and that stupid boat. It took all we had but we finally got the boat out of the water and poured the water out of it and the water out of me. I was scared for my life now. This was suppose to be a fun fishing trip but it was now a game of survival. We couldn't turn back now. the only way to got home was to go the rest of the way. I was cold and wet and didn't have any options. We had to continue so we tried it again just to sink. We spent most of that day carrieing the boat around rapids and throw brush all day until it mellowed down and we could put the boat back in. We got to a big pool, so big you could fit a house in it. There where some small rapids running right throw the middle of it. It dint look bad but with what we had bean in we dissuaded to be extra car full. We went around the rapids through the pool. As we went we burly braised the end of the rapids with the boat and we went in. I tried to keep from sinking but my waiters where to heavy. As i tried to swim to shore my shoe fell off and went down stream. Being stupid a chased after it on my belly to get it. The water was faster then I thought as I let it @CAPS2 me. I was swallowing so much water and i couldn't breath. I could feel it begin to get deeper and soon I couldn't touch bottom at all. My shoe was right in front of me and I finally got to it with burly anything left. I got to shore and just law there choking up water. After ten minuets I got up and went back. I think it was freak luck we survived that day but some how we did. I learn a lot that day and laugh about it now.
