Most people think that laughter helps you live longer, love longer, and show who you really are. I believe all of that is true, laughter is one of the most important things a person can do. In my life laughter has helped me threw the hardest situations and made them a lot better. You can laugh a lot with friends, family, or people you barely even know. Laughing can mend relationships and help you get threw anything, in my life i have found that out many times.My mother and myself haven't always had the best relationship, we don't always get along, and since i have a severe separation anxiety from her we spend a lot of time together which can cause friction from being together too much. There was a certain time when we had just gotten into a fight about me wanting to go somewhere and her not letting me, i was expecting her to be mad at me for awhile for how rude i was being. We didn't talk for a couple hours and tried to stay away from each other, we would only talk to each other if it was really important. After a couple days of this going on i went into her room to talk to her about it all, when we talked i understood why she was so mad at me and i apologized and left her room, but i could still feel that there was some tension between us. I wanted to make things better more then i have ever wanted anything, i wasn't really sure if she was ready to get over this fight, so i thought it would be better to give her some space and let her come to me when she was ready to talk. We both tried to stay away from each other for the rest of the day trying to cool off and really think about what we were truly mad about. The next day we went to go do somethings around town, some grocery shopping and to see some family. In the beginning we didn't really talk much or anything. Within an hour of us leaving the house and having our alone time together we were joking around and laughing at everything each other said. After our errands we went out to lunch, it was the funnest time i had ever had with my mom, we talked about everything and laughed and had an amazing time. The days after that were wonderful also, we spent a lot of time together and felt like we didn't want to leave each other, i know that laughing together and talking really helped with that, we opened up to each other like we never had before. I love my mother and care for her more then anyone in the world, when we got into that fight i was scared out relationship would never be the same again, we were able to work it out by laughing. I honestly think that laughter can cure anything, from a broken heart to a broken family.
