 The night was dark and cloudy giving my surroundings a gloomy figure. Shadows slithered across the street by the lamp light of passing cars and pedestrians. My day had been depressing and it seemed that karma was out to get me. Everything that could go wrong; did go wrong. And the rest of my night was only going to get worse. Earlier that day I had upset my girlfriend with a statement that should not have been stated. Resulting in her calling me as soon as I sat down on my bed. The words we exchanged left smoldering wreckage in our wake. Our conversation ended in fury and the disconnection of phones. Once I laid back down in my bed, and my anger diminished, I began to feel an overwhelming sense of guilt.  I said things that were unnecessary and horrible. As I laid on my bed, my heart felt like it was slowing being squeezed by some unseen force. It labored my breathing and soon tears began to fall from my eyes. The guilt and agony crept through my soul like a burglar creeping through a dark house, and stealing whatever valuables I had left. My day had ended in tears and pain. But then my phone rang once more. Quickly I wiped the tears from my face and proceeded to read the caller I.D. I turned out to be my best friend, and so I answered not knowing what @CAPS1 wanted. @CAPS1 asked if I wanted to hang out and possibly catch a bite to eat. His words lifted my spirit even if it was only half an inch. When @CAPS1 pulled into my driveway, I was there waiting for him. I climbed into the passenger's seat and immediately @CAPS1 knew something was wrong. @CAPS1 asked me if something had happened and I replied with a one worded answer, "@PERSON1."  @CAPS1 knew that it was not the right time to talk about it, and so we drove to the nearest restaurant and found our seats. We both ordered coffee and I began to rip open sugar packets vigorously and dump them into my steaming cup of coffee. @CAPS1 did the same but with much less force. Then @CAPS1 cautiously asked me if I wanted to talk about it. I looked up from the mess surrounding my coffee cup and slowly nodded my head. I started to spill out all the events of my day in rapid succession. Bringing a storm of swearing and profane language. My best friend just sat there and listened until my voice grew softer and my fists unclenched. We sat there in silence for a short time while @CAPS1 chose his words carefully. Then @CAPS1 decided to change the subject for the time being because @CAPS1 saw that I was still squeezing my car keys. @CAPS1 asked how things were with my mother and another storm of curses poured from my mouth. We became silent again and then @CAPS1 asked me, "@CAPS2 you feel better now that you got it all out?" I looked at him puzzled because it was not the reply I expected. After thinking about it I replied yes. We then enjoyed our dinner, payed, and left. My mood had been lifted, but I was still upset. So we drove down to the river and exited his claustrophobic car. @CAPS1 and I walked down to the bank and stood there just staring at the water. @CAPS1 then asked if I wanted to hear a joke, and after a pause I said yes. The joke @CAPS1 told me probably should not be repeated but it made me laugh so hard I had trouble breathing. His timing was impeccable and it made my mood soar. I have always turned to my friends when I felt down. And there have always been there proving I can count on them.  That day had been a disaster, but the rest of the night turned out to be far better then I had hoped. It is not only the fact that my friends can lift my mood, but it is also important that they make me laugh. Because if your counting on someone to brighten your day, what better way to @CAPS2 it ten make them laugh. Laughter has always held important meaning in my life. I laugh every day. Mostly because I find the most idiotic things hilarious. I know that laughter will never disappear. I hope that one day when I am old and decrepit, all my wrinkles will be from the countless times I enjoyed a few good laughs with my friends. Because laughter is magical. It can make a sad man glad, make sunshine on a cloudy day, and make light of the darkest situations.
