 Have you ever had a friend who when your with them you seem to be able to do nothing but laugh? I have, his name is @PERSON1. Together, him and I do nothing but spend countless hours making jokes, smiling, and enjoying ourselves. In any relationship, or friendship, laughter is an important quality. In the next few paragraphs I will explain why laughter is so important, and how it made his and our friendship so strong and compatible. To begin with, @PERSON1 is my closest friend. We both are very fun and outgoing people. We tend to put tense situations at ease by our sense of humors. This is important because without laughter you don't enjoy things as much. Someone once told me "for every minute you laugh, it adds a year to your life." That is important because nobody wants to live a short miserable life. Together we make the @CAPS7 of the worst situations and move on from them. Laughing is something that no one can live without. It is one of those things can make the biggest change in someones life, whether that be in a good way, or even in a bad way. Laughter in our relationship is like glue. When things between us ever got rough, or just things in general got hard, we made it a point to make a joke out of it and try to forget what was wrong. One of the ways our sense of humor came in handy was when we found out he was getting deployed. If you have never been through that before, let me tell you, it's hard. I remember everything about that day, I was outside fixing our fence when i got a call from @CAPS1. When I answered his voice was timid and shaken, I had never heard him sound like that before. He then told me that he was going to come over and that he had something he needed to tell me. At first i wasn't too concerned because he has a tendency to joke around and almost never be serious, this time I was wrong. Within twenty minutes I could hear the roar of his red diesel pulling in our driveway. When he got to the door, instead of just walking in like normal, he knocked. To my surprise, as he peeked his head in, his face was as red as a cherry, eyes swollen and watering, and his voice quivering with sadness. I knew then that this was serious. After a miserable three hours of sobbing and hugs he explained to me that he would be leaving in four days to @LOCATION1. Taking all that in at once was hard. I knew he was in the army but I guess I just never thought that day would come. Finally we began talking more and more about it the exact details. We then started to @ORGANIZATION1 things that he could find there that would remind him of home. This turned into a day of jokes. Our first mission was to find a @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION2, fail. Our second mission, @CAPS3-@CAPS4, another fail. And finally our third mission, was to find anything that reminded him of me. We came to the conclusion our @CAPS7 idea would be @CAPS5 @CAPS6. In return we got in his truck ad drove to @CAPS7 @CAPS8 and purchased two high-tech @CAPS5 cams, and went home to set them up. That in itself was a memory I will never forget.  When the day finally came to an end we realized that yes it would be hard for us, but we would not let that break us down. We then spent the next four days doing things he convinced himself "he @MONTH1 never get to do again." We spent hours playing @CAPS9-box, hours playing football in the yard, and even hours playing in a park swinging and sliding. The reality of it is, without laughter and fun, we would have most likely not have been able to deal with it. To this day we still plan a specific time, and "@CAPS6 it up" together.  In conclusion, although things get tough and overbearing, there is always an escape. That escape for me and my @CAPS7 friend is laughter. When worse comes to worst, turn your favorite cartoon on, call the person who can always make you laugh, spend hours doing pointless, yet fun things, enjoy what you have at your fingertips, and laugh, you @MONTH1 never know when those things can up and walk away.
