The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 in @ORGANIZATION1 is the shortest distance between two people. They express happiness, belonging and they let you forget your worries for a few seconds. Who does not like to laugh? I will be writing a true story in which laughter will be one important part. My story will be about myself, who is an exchange student and @CAPS1 in high school, and how I got to know my today's best friend.It all started in the morning of my first day in a @CAPS1 high school. I remember clearly how nervous and excited I was. I was not able to focus on my breakfast because my mind was full of thoughts and questions. How is the school going to look like? And what are the students going to think about me? I have never been in the @LOCATION1 before and I have never been an exchange student. Because of all the worries, which were running through my mind, I did not even notice that it was already time to leave the house. This moment which I have been envision for month, finally arrived. My host-mom said good-bye to me and wished me a great day. Now I was totally by myself. I walked in the high school and went to my first class: @CAPS3. On the way to the classroom, people stared at me, but nobody said a word. Have you ever felt like you are alone even though hundreds of people are around you? This is exactly the way I felt in that moment. My first class went well, as well as my second class: @CAPS4. During @CAPS4, some guys asked me if we have cars in @LOCATION2. Although this question seemed really stupid to me, I answered nicely with yes. My next period was drama. I had trouble finding the drama room, but luckily I met a girl on the way who showed me where I was supposed to go.Her name was @PERSON1 and she told me that she moved here last year from @LOCATION3. From the first moment I saw her, she seemed really nice to me. On the way to the classroom, she asked me questions about the difference of @LOCATION2 and the @LOCATION1. She also appeared quite interested to me. While our drama teacher was preparing a scene, we continued talking. I had the strange feeling that I have known her forever. The whole nervousness I had at the beginning of the day was gone. I told her that some guys asked me if we have cars in @LOCATION2. She answered that they asked her the exact same question, but about @LOCATION3. Suddenly, she started to laugh. It was a happy and friendly laugh and soon I started to laugh as well. It did not feel awkward for me, sitting next to a girl I just met and we were laughing so hard. I knew that this moment, this laughter was special. I felt so happy and belonged and it let me forget all the fear and doubt for a few seconds. What I did not know in this moment, though, was that she will become my best friend. This was my true story, in which laughter was an important part. It is not easy to be @CAPS1 in school, especially if you are an exchange student. My story showed that a laughter is able to change people's thoughts and to short the distance between two people. In my case, it made me feel more comfortable and confident, which was the start of a great relationship, as well as an awesome time in the @LOCATION1. The end
