 Laughter, one of the wonderful things that we humans can enjoy. Laughter with friends, family, and with people we do not even know. We all can enjoy and share laughter, it is one of the amazing things that can bring us together no matter what ethnicity, age, gender, or disability. We all can enjoy it together, and no one can take it away from us. Laughter is simple, but yet complex in many ways. It is like falling into a pool of @CAPS1. Laughter, just the word "laughter" brings me joy! When our days go sour laughter is there to sweeten it up. Where would we be without the wonders of laughter? Laughter, it is like a tool. It is the thing that has helped me make new friends. Also, laughter has helped me get out of conflicts from both friends and enemies. It has also aided me into achieving the things I want. Laughter is @CAPS2 my middle school years. My family and I moved a lot, and every time I moved I had to make new friends. It got very difficult for me to make new friends every time I transferred to a new school. After I have settled down and got used to the surroundings of the new school I then started to make friends. I noticed that laughter was a key element on making people like you, and then later consider you to be what is known as a friend. After I have made new friends, and became very comfortable with my school the time to move came again. It gets difficult to make new friends, but its even harder when you have to leave the new friends you just made behind. After moving so much I just got used to making new friends, and later on laughter slowly became more like a tool than something that I should enjoy. A tool for just making friends. After I got into high school I just stopped trying to make new friends, because I felt that I knew I was going to make new friends, and then transfer to another school, and then start all over and make new friends again. I gave up trying and decided to get more involved in school and achieve good grades. Later in the year I felt like a kid with no friends, because I stopped trying. I decided to go and make new friends, but somehow it became a lot harder to make friends in high school than middle school. I tried to be the funny guy like I was in middle school, but I just didn't have it in me anymore. Also, when people get older the type of humor people enjoy changes. As time went by I realized that you don't have to make everyone laugh, so they can be your friend. It was about getting to now the person, and to be able to relate and to be a there when they needed you the most. Making friends at a new school is not easy, but it also is not very hard. All you got to do is be open to people and let them know who you are. This is what I learned about making friends. You can't make everyone laugh, because everyone has a different taste in humor. Humor and laughter are different from each other. Everyone has a different taste in humor, but we can all come together and have a good laugh. Laughter is wonderful. It is what puts people in a good mood. We as people @MONTH1 have our differences, but we can still all laugh together. It feels very good when you get a good laugh, but its even better when you know that the person who made you laugh did it so you can be happy. We should not take laughter for granted for it is something that puts a smile on our faces.  
