 There was this time during @CAPS1 vacation, and their was a lot of snow o n the ground. My cousin @CAPS2, brother @CAPS3 and I were all getting together and going to go out to my grandparents. My brother @CAPS3 lives in @LOCATION2 and my cousin @CAPS2, and I live here in @LOCATION1. So it wasn't that hard trying to get us cousins all together. We were all getting together to go out to my grandparents and go snowmobiling together and stay the night out their for a couple of nights. When all got together, and were starting to go out there it was getting to late to go snowmobiling. We were all very kind of sad but it was okay. We just watched movies off direct @LOCATION3, and waited for the morning to come. Once morning came of course it was way to cold to go out right when we woke up. So we made a big breakfast and after breakfast we all got ready and than sat around until it was warmer to go outside. Finally it was the afternoon! We all got dressed into warm clothes to go out an go snowmobiling. We all went outside and my grandpa had one of the snowmobiles ready for us and behind it was the hood of a truck so he could pull us from behind with it. My grandpa was driving the snowmobile and us kids were in the back. My grandma only went one once with us and than she got off because my grandpa was going way to crazy n we were all getting hit by each other when he was driving. Then once us kids were the only ones on the hood by grandpa was starting to go really fast! I was the only one who was covered in snow, and i looked like a snowman. It was so funny! My grandpa went running inside to get my grandpas camera so she could take some pictures. It took her awhile to take them though because she is not that good or fast at taking pictures. Then when she was done we went back to snowmobiling for the rest of the day. After we got all done for the day I than really looked like a snowman. It was a fun day, and very funny how I looked as a snowman, but afterwords I got really cold. We went inside and I went right in front of the heater to warm up while my grandma was making hot chocolate for all of us.
