 @CAPS1 is my personal belief that that hilarity and giddiness are the best emotional states to be in. Therefore @CAPS1 makes sense that people who find laughter in the same things would be of good relations. @CAPS1 is because of their likeness of minds that they are connected and find happiness in each others company. My story is an example of laughter's connection between people and the strength of the bond @CAPS1 forms. Picture the scene: @CAPS1 was @DATE2 on the north side of @CAPS2. Hood below the infamous snow dome. Standing there was a weak eleven year old boy who thought he could not continue further. Patiently standing beside him was his father, a climbing veteran who had scaled mountains in @LOCATION1,and @LOCATION2. The boy was tired, he could not put one foot in front of the other. His muscles screamed in protest as the blisters on his heels throbbed in harmony. The @DATE1 sun beat down on him while the snow gave way and brought him to the ground. @CAPS1 was as if the mountain wanted him to fail and was urging him to give in and cry in defeat. Fatigue then consumed the boy adding fifty pounds to each of his limbs. His brain had dimmed as well leaving him capable of only simple thoughts like putting on foot in front of the other. He began finding any excuse to stop and made them often. The boy's father had tried everything he could think of to give his son the incentive to keep going with no avail. He tried another tack, he began to tell the boy stories, perhaps in hope that @CAPS1 would take the boy's mind of the excruciating pain.And to the relief of all concerned, @CAPS1 proved effective. What was most interesting about the whole event is @CAPS1 wasn't the content of the stories that helped, @CAPS1 was the humorous and sarcastic tone that made the real difference.An infusion that I would describe as a solution of laughing gas and an energy drink washed over me. In the presence of my father's humor I found the strength to keep going . @CAPS1 was like I had been completely recharged and refreshed. My arms and leg which had previously felt like solid pipes of lead lightened considerably. The stabbing agony in my muscles and joints frayed away and left. The dull pulsing of the blisters on my heels were silenced. This was all due to someones thoughts and ideas tickling my funny bone. I believe laughter to be the anesthetic of nature,the emotional element that keeps the world sane. @CAPS1 was at that point in time when I realized what I respected most about my father. I had no shortage of traits to choose from. He had a indomitable work ethic, was a great teacher, and possessed an extraordinary amount of energy. But what I respected most about him was that we were similar in our humor. We laughed at the same things and found hilarity at each others comment's. @CAPS1 forged a strong bond between us, one constructed of euphoria and glee that continues to this day. Whenever I am morose he always manages to find away to bring a smile to my face and I found that I to had the same ability. To my belief a relationship formed on laughter is the strongest one of all. Laughter is a force that paves the way to friendship,respect,and love. You cannot have hope for a better future if you do not have laughter. @CAPS1 is the drug that descends from the heavens. A drug that runs through the bloodstream of society. In the process freeing the minds from the stress and worries of what tomorrow will bring. Laughter can unite a population and instill a feeling of friendship in a society. Have you ever laughed at something and then turned to find that at the exact same moment someone across the room had also began to laugh. Then your eyes lock and a slow smile spread's throughout both of your faces, as you realize that you are not alone in how you think and what you laugh at. That connective force is a result of the power of laughter.
