 People can share many things. DNA, clothes, feelings, beliefs, religion, and laughter. For my sister @PERSON3 and I, laughter is what made our relationship stronger than it ever would. When I was younger it was the typical older sister @LOCATION1 younger sister vibe, frankly we did not like each other at all. Through maturing, entering high school, and being part of the same cheer leading organization we have spent almost too much time together and now it's almost as if we are the best of friends. In the @DATE3 we were together constantly. We would watchJerry @PERSON1, laugh and/or make fun of the people who volunteered to be on the show. We would watch clips of the showSaturday @TIME1 @CAPS1, that's where I introduced her to the character "@CAPS2". @PERSON3 and I would talk to each other in the voice that we adapted from "@CAPS2" and laugh constantly about @NUM1 @TIME1 @CAPS1 is also where we adapted the "demonic voice". We would talk to each other, and our friends in these voices. Both of us still talk like that @DATE1. As we entered high school we had to start driving together everyday to and from school. We would listen to music, make up random dance moves and sometimes I would have to steer if her favorite song came on(she was a very energetic dancer). It was all in good fun though. When we would enter into the school everything would change though and I understood that after about a week. I was the annoying younger sister who couldn't say hi to her in the hall or wave at her when she was around her friends. She wanted to be left alone so she wouldn't look weird. She was a junior then, they always think their the coolest around. Once she was a senior she would say hi to me, she would smile when she saw me, I even talked to her and her friends sometime. We also grew closer once I entered the student leadership class that she was also apart of, we had the same class every other day it was hard not to talk to each other.  The single thing that I believe has made our relationship closer because of laughter was the three weeks she stayed in my room. She decided to "move in" when she would wake up in the morning with bug bites on her arms and legs and she would have no idea what they were from. We suspected that she just didn't remember getting them when she was out the @TIME1 before, but then when she wouldn't go out she still got them. We figured out what it was when her friend @PERSON2 came over; she had bed bugs. That @TIME1 I separated the two mattresses I sleep on and made her a bed thinking she would only be there for two three nights tops so my parents had time to disinfect her room. That turned into two three weeks. We spend almost every hour of every day together those three weeks, the only peace I got was in the shower. We would stay up late talking about our day, who we didn't like, who's outfit we really liked that day, what we wanted to do in cheer practice and who could have done better at cheering. If you knew @PERSON3 you would know how scared she gets over a movie so half the time when we were up late I was next to her trying to scare her. It's quite funny to see her reaction. Finally she "moved out" and I got my room back though I don't think, even now it feels the same as it did. They say many things about laughter; "Laughter is the best medicine" "Laughter is the shortest distance between people" "@CAPS5 two people in a room, they'll be laughing in @NUM2 minutes"; All of these talking about how relationships grow with laughter. I have the funniest, silliest, greatest sister in the world because we can laugh at the same things. We have the same mind people say, we do a lot of the same things, we think a lot alike, and we wear a lot of the same things as well. I am positive laughter has strengthened my sister and I's relationship. I bet if you really look at the relationship between you and someone you're close to, the first memory you think of is a happy moment of you laughing.
