 Summertime is always the highlight of the year for teenagers. It's when temperatures are the highest, we are able to stay out later, and its when we have the best memories of our childhood that we will never forget. It seems like there is never a dull moment when it comes to that time of year. Everyone seems to always get together and find something crazy and fun to do. @CAPS2, @LOCATION1, and I were sitting at home with nothing to do and decided that we were hungry. Without us having a car, we have to walk everywhere so we chose the closest place to @LOCATION1's house, which was at the time, @ORGANIZATION1. We left @ORGANIZATION1's at about ten o clock and started walking around, trying to find something to do. We texted @CAPS1 and found out that he was with @PERSON1 so we all decided that we wanted to hang out at @ORGANIZATION2's house. We had absolutely no idea where he lived so they told us to meet them at the skate park. By then, it was pretty dark and we were still walking. When we got to the park, it was pretty late. @CAPS1 and @PERSON1 arrived a couple minutes later so we started walking towards @ORGANIZATION2's house.  @PERSON1 has the most evil cat i have ever met. @CAPS1 has told me stories and showed me videos about that cat a million times before. When we got there, it was bouncing off the walls and @LOCATION1, @CAPS2, and I were scared of it. We didn't want it anywhere close to us because we thought it was going to attack us, eventually it did a couple of times. @PERSON1 was pointing the laser pointer all over the place for the cat to chase it and we were just sitting there, still bored. They were looking through our purses and saw that we had bathing suits because we went to the beach earlier, that gave them the wonderful idea of going fishing at one in the @TIME1. We all piled in the car and headed for the dike. We got there in our tank tops and short shorts and it was freezing. We were huddling for warmth. We couldn't see the ground and kept tripping over little holes and tree trunks everywhere. We finally got to a little dock that looked like it was ready to break and sink at any moment. @PERSON1 grabbed his @CAPS3 fishing pole and marched his way to the edge of the dock. There was no way the rest of us could all stand on it without breaking. We were taking a ton of pictures and had a ton of fun watching @PERSON1 try and fish and @CAPS1 just being @CAPS1.  In the end, we found something to do out of nothing. When people experience the greatness in little things they realize that they could enjoy everything a lot more. That night was one of the most memorable nights of that @DATE1. 
