 Most people believe that laughter is an essential need for your heath, not only physically, but socially as well. In a socially tense environment it is hard to achieve what is expected of you, but if someone will introduce laughter into the environment, it quickly changes into one that becomes more simplistic, and you are able to get done what is expected of you. With this mindset I proceeded into the conference room for the first time since @PERSON1 had left. @PERSON1 was the adviser for the @ORGANIZATION1, or what we call @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON1 was the reason that a student from each school in @LOCATION1 had any say in what the @ORGANIZATION1 did or received school wise. She helped us voice our opinions and that made her a hero in the eyes of many high school students! Soon, @PERSON1's time as adviser had expired and she announced her departure from her position. After a few weeks had gone by she had found a new adviser to take her place, @PERSON2. I'm a person who is excepting of change, but the other members are not. This particular change was much to hefty for them; they just wanted things to go back to normal. When I sat down in my usual chair, the room seemed much less homely and I soon felt a sick feeling building up inside. I did not know who this woman was or what she was going to do; all I knew was that she was not @PERSON1, and she did not make the @ORGANIZATION2 members very happy.  @PERSON2 glided into the room with a welcoming spirit about her. She stood at the head of the room and smiled. The rest of the members sunk a little further into their chairs, as if they were protesting her arrival. I thought to myself, she doesn't stand a chance, as I sat a little taller and began to listen to what she had to say. She spoke in a cheerful tone and seemed to giggle after every sentence. Although her posture provoked confidence, her giggle struck nervousness. There was only one way we, as a @ORGANIZATION2, were going to get done what was needed. We had to see @PERSON2 as a friend not a foe. Immediately I decided to lighten the dank feeling in the room by starting a name game. This is a fun activity to learn a little more about people and to help @PERSON2 to remember our names. @PERSON2 seemed much more relaxed after the game so we continued with the meeting. With every second getting more serious I proposed that the meeting be done for the week and we spend the rest of the time talking and laughing about what had gone on that week. This made everyone smile. Time went on and with every passing moment the stress in the room became lighter and lighter, until the whole room was filled with laughter. It was as if @PERSON1 had never left! Soon the gathering came to a close and we all went home. On my way out @PERSON2 stopped me and told of her nervousness before the meeting because she wasn't sure how well everything was going to go. She was thankful that I jumped right in and helped brighten the spirits of the members. This eventually lead to the acceptance of the change and the effectiveness of @ORGANIZATION2. By the next meeting the members were all anxious to go back and learn a little more about @PERSON2, and were able to more fully concentrate on the matters at hand. Laughter helped the members of the @ORGANIZATION2 accept what they could not control and ultimately lead to our success today. Laughter is primarily the key to all success in the social society we live in today; with laughter anything is possible! Although the laughter was only for that one meeting, it allowed the members to be more welcoming to the idea of @PERSON2, and made for a life long friendship between our adviser, and the members of our @ORGANIZATION2. My relationship with @PERSON2 would not be as strong as it is today, if I did not share the opportunity to laugh at @PERSON2's first @ORGANIZATION2 meeting.
