 So many people sing songs and write stories about sad depressing events, like it's the only thing life consists of. We seem to never stop and focus on the little things. If we could stop and appreciate those little things, everyone would realize just how much they really have. In some way or another we all seek pity and for some reason we want to have the worse story. Like it's some sort of competition. I personally don't want to have the worse story. If you just "go with it" things seem more lighthearted, care free, and people would rather be around someone that makes them feel good and happy than someone that makes them feel sad. There is many times where I could have chosen to stay mad and upset, but instead I chose to just laugh, and not make a big deal out of a small mistake. For example, @DATE1 was the @CAPS1 dance. I was supposed to be there early to finish decorating, but I was late (like always). It didn't really matter that I was late because when I got there I found out that it was canceled. By the time they decided to cancel it (due to a power outage) my parents already drove away and they didn't have their cell phones with them. I was stuck at the school. While I was trying to get hold of somebody to pick me up, two of my friends showed up, even though I told them that the dance was canceled. My friend's mom was nice enough to come pick us up. We met the rest of our friends downtown, where we decided to go to @LOCATION1's and play arcade games. We had an amazing time! We all got matching rings and I got two lollipops. When we were done we went up to our friends house, where we watched movies and ate popcorn. I had eaten way to much sugar and was super hyper! I kept saying a ton of random things, but it made for a great evening full of laughing. I could have been really upset that the dance was canceled, all of us could have, but we made the most out of what we had and ended up having a really good time. And I personally think it was more fun than the dance would have been. Another example is when I was a freshman. There was one day that seem particularly hard. I felt like nobody wanted to be my friend or hang out with me. I remember sitting in the hall by myself, feeling like nobody cared. A senior that year came up to me and started talking to me. I remember him telling me that it's harder frown than it is to smile. I realized that he was absolutely right. Even though smiling takes more muscles, frowning in the long run has a worse effect. If I could go back to that day I wouldn't be such a drama queen. I was making a big deal out of something that wasn't even true. I always say things that I latter regret, but if I just "go with it" it doesn't seem near as bad. If I could, I would write a dozen songs that have no sad or depressing meaning. Or a millions books based on the happiest things in life. If you fall down, it's better to laugh than to run away crying. What won't kill you will make you stronger. Lots of things make you stronger, like: breakups, heartaches, @CAPS2.E class, and of course laughing. Laughing also makes you live longer; so why wouldn't you laugh as much as you possible could?
