    Laughter is an important part of any relationship, whether the person is a relative, friend, or someone you are dating. Laughter makes you forget your worries and problems. But with a friendship based on laughter, when do you trade in the giggles for seriousness? I believe laughter is vital in a friendship. But to have a strong, healthy, relationship you also need a level of seriousness. This is the story of how I learned to balance laughter and seriousness in one of my most important relationships.    Olivia has been my best friend as long as I could remember, hanging out we laughed constantly. Laughter has always been a huge part of our friendship and always will be. But going into middle school we faced drama, boys and arguments, which we never experienced with one another. All of these small but important things to us then added up and began to make us drift apart. Our lack of sharing our feelings and instead cover it up with laughs caused us to bottle up anger towards each other. I always thought we were perfect matches for best friends because our countless inside jokes and the constant fun we would have. But our anger grew until we were ready to handle it, which we did not understand then.   We started to hang out less and less, and our daily calls became weekly. Both of us noticed a change in our friendship, but didn't know how to fix it, we apologized for fighting with each other and sympathized for our boy troubles but it wasn't the same. I missed her but the longer it went on the easier it was to not talk or hang out. Summer came around and our moms planned me to stay a week at her house while my parents were on vacation. To put it nicely I was less than thrilled, how was I suppose to stay a week there when we barely talk anymore? I knew everything would be okay but I still worried that the week would be constant fighting instead of laughs.    Finally the day came and my parents were driving me to her house. As I got there things were fine, we pretended nothing was going on and had fun, it was that way for a few days. But on the third day she broke the ice, asking what was wrong and why we don't talk anymore. That day something amazing happened, we talked about all our feelings and what was upsetting us. It was a little awkward at first but we got through it together. The fights got less and less because we knew the things that bugged each other, and everything slowly became better than it was before. That talk changed our relationship forever and I'm so glad she had spoken up when I didn't or else we wouldn't be as close as we are today.    That day was @DATE1, but had a huge impact on our friendship.Ever since we got that mile stone in our friendship I knew better how to be more open with other people also. Olivia has taught me so much but this was among the more important lesson. Laughter is a huge part of any strong relationship but you also need to be able to share your feelings and be serious. Everyone needs a best friend to laugh with and I am grateful to have mine stick with me no matter what.
