When my friend @PERSON2 and I went to go hang out with our friends from @LOCATION1. We knew how would get there but we didn't know how we were going to get back, but knowing us we didn't care we just wanted to have fun. we had lot's of fun hanging out but then it started getting dark we needed a ride back home. Later on I decited to call my dad to see if he would come and get us. Knowing my dad he thought it was really funny that my friend and I were stuck in @LOCATION1, so he started laughing. After he was still laughing I asked so can you come get us cause its getting ready dark and he said no, cause it's not his fault that I was stuck there. So @PERSON2 said "why don't I call my dad to see if he would" and so she did but just like my dad he also started laughing and said no. Later on @PERSON2 and I ran out of people who to call. So we said to each other why don't we worry about his later it's really not that dark and we can all still hang out for a while longer. After i thought that throw I knew we should start worry about because later on it well get even more darker then it already is and then we diffidently wont have a ride home. So I told @PERSON2 that we should keep on trying people while we hang out with our friends more, but she didn't care so much. I made a call to my sister @PERSON1 to see if she would do me the favor of picking us up from @LOCATION1. I called and call her but she wouldn't pick up her phone. An hour past and we still couldn't think of someone, but then I thought to my self maybe my other sister @CAPS1 she always does favors for me, I called her and I asked her if she could and she said yes ill be there in @NUM1 minuets to pick you guys up. So I went to go tell @PERSON2 the great news that I got us a ride home and we don't have to worry about it anymore. When I went back to the park she wasn't there any more I thought she went to the bathroom, so I went to checked the bathroom for her but she was not there also. I thought to my self where could she of gone. I started to get really worried about were she went so I walked around and looked for her. So I looked at my clock and saw that my sister was going to be here in ten minuet, before I realized she was at the store getting food and she didn't tell me. I got really mad at her for not telling me where she went, but I thought to myself it didn't matter so why was I going to make a big deal about it and then I heard someone beep and it was my sister @CAPS1 I got really happy to see her cause all I thought of is going home and sleeping all night and all day. We got in the car and my sister asked why didn't I call my dad for a ride? I told her I did but he didn't want to pick me up because if I could get here then why couldn't get back home. She started laughing at me and thought it was the most funniest thing my dad has ever done. After we dropped of my friend @PERSON2, we went out to eat to burger king and got two salads to go. When I got home my dad asked who brought me and I told him my sister went and got me and took me out to eat. After being stuck in @LOCATION1 so long and not having a way to get I just went to my room and went to bed because it was a very long day for me and my pore little feet. The next morning I didn't wake up until @NUM2 in the @TIME1. My dad thought i need to wake up already so he went it my room and woke me up and told me i need to eat and get fresh air. I woke up and took a shower and eat some food and took a very short walk because my feet were still hurting from yesterday. when I went on my walk I was thinking about how I shouldn't of just gone to @LOCATION1 with out making sure I had a ride back home, but I was very thankful for my sister going out of her way to pick me up and not get mad or even yelled at me. when I got back home I called my sister and told her that I was really thankful for her going to go get me and my friend and even taking me out to eat.
