 Laughter... what is laughter? Do you expect me to tell you what laughter is? I wish I could but I can't, describing laughter is like describing what water taste like or feels like (besides using the word wet) it's just one of those things that you think its easy to describe to someone because it's a part of your every day life but in reality it's one of the most complex things there could be out there.Even though I can't describe it I do have general concept of it.  Now there's many reasons to laugh or the type of laughter or the feeling behind it. In my case I believe I'm a person that @CAPS1 @CAPS2 laughs once a day. I laugh all the time from my friend falling , hearing a joke , remembering something in the past , from just pure exhaustion (yes I laugh @CAPS1 times when I'm just so worn out and stressed) the list go's on and on. In short I live my life laughing every day. I don't think I'm such a happy go lucky person that makes others laugh alongside her, but I have gotten comments from my friends saying that's the case. This is one of the wonders of laughter if you see someone laughing enjoying their time you just somehow end up laughing along side them. It makes me happy when I hear one of my friends say " oh @PERSON1 you just made my day..." why? It makes me happy because I know that, that friend just now I was able to make even if just a little a nice day. One time in my life though I met someone, someone that now I hold very dear, someone who I just can't picture my life without that someone would be right to say he lost his laughter. It was @DATE1, and my friend @CAPS3 had invited me to The @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in @CAPS6 to meet up with some of her @CAPS4 friends. The reunion with her friends was @CAPS1 this coffee shop. I knew no one but her so i felt out of place. So after just sitting back like a wall flower I decided to go to the ice cream shop just next to the coffee shop and when I realized one of the boys in our group decided to come as well. We hanged out he told me about himself I told him about myself as well.  After that day we stayed connected we had long hour conversations through this video calling site called @ORGANIZATION1. We chatted in @CAPS7 @CAPS8 every singled day, and pulled all nighters on the phone just talking to each other. After around a month of talking and staying connected we became more close, close enough for him to talk about more serious matters with me.   Well now this boy I hold very dear to me has had such a hard life. Where could I possibly begin to tell you the hardships his been through. Oh what about the fact that his adoptive ...hhmmm nah many people out there are adopted that's not that harsh for most. Okay what about the fact that his adoptive father abused of him every chance he got and his adoptive mom literally sat back and watched him do it, not good enough? Okay what about the fact that the one thing that kept him going his friend, the one that was all ways next to him. His to say child hood friends, the child hood friend you can do @CAPS9 in the world yet would not judge, would not think the worst of you if you did something to be ashamed of, the one that was willing to stay up with you for days in a row just for you not to cry your self to sleep. That friend of him passed away in a car rec in his second year of middle school. His life consisted of waking up in the mornings walking to school and being ignore by everyone around him. Coming back from school and putting up with your adoptive family screaming @CAPS1 him, called him names ending up to being beaten just because they can.  Do you think he laughed? Well actually he did but, his laugh was not a laugh of joy. Even though he laughed it was as if nothing no feeling what so ever was behind that laugh a robotic laugh. This for me is such a hard thing to stand. It tears me up because this person is someone very dear to me his such a wonderful individual his just now part of my life and I cant see him out of it now. Yet he is suffering he cant even laugh and feel joy. Up to this day I still see him and I have decide that one day for sure I will make him laugh. We laugh when we talk but I want him to experience the laugh he has yet to have experience and I know one day for sure he will.
