 He laughed, I hadn't heard his laugh all day. It was just after @DATE1 and @PERSON2 and I had just fixed our off and on relationship. He had picked @CAPS1 up from my house so we could hangout at his. He had seemed upset since he had picked @CAPS1 up which was completely out of the norm for him. He was always smiling or laughing and had some funny story to tell @CAPS1, but not today. Today he was quite, we had been together for about two hours already and he'd said all of about a sentence to @CAPS1 and I had only gotten one of those lame half smiles that really meant "I'm not in the mood so just stop".  We were watchingDespicable @CAPS1 for about the third time when the yelling started, he was standing against the wall next to his bed when his dad just started shouting, his voice was followed by a higher softer voice yelling back, it was @PERSON2's step mom. The were arguing about cheating or drinking or staying out to late, I really don't remember, I couldn't hear to well and I was paying attention to @PERSON2 to watch for his reaction. He stood where he was for a couple minutes just staring straight in front of him, he looked like he was going to cry. Then he slumped to the ground, pulled his knees up, crossed his arms over them and put his head on his arms, for a second I thought he was crying. My big tough guy who didn't ever deal with anyone's crap looked as hurt and helpless as he could get, he looked more helpless then I felt. I mean what could I do, I had no idea whether he would want to be left alone or if he'd want someone to hug him and make him feel better so I sat where I was, on his bed, leaning against the wall just looking at him hoping he do something to help @CAPS1 decide what would help him feel better. In the living room his parents were still screaming and yelling at one another when another voice joined in, it was his step mom's friend, @PERSON1. She was trying to stop them from fighting, trying to help but @PERSON2's dad, @PERSON3, wasn't one to interrupt, when he was mad you simply stayed out of his way. @PERSON1 had made a mistake. Suddenly there was a crash, @PERSON2 jumped, and the sound of cupboards being slammed and glass being broken, the only statement I could make out was "that was your grandma's, your mom is gonna be pissed!" from @PERSON2's step mom. @PERSON2 got up, walked over to his door, and locked it. He stood there for a second with his forehead against the door then he turned and walked over to @CAPS1, he laid @CAPS1 down and cuddled with @CAPS1.   There was more shouting now, something about food, cars, and getting all of someones crap out of the house. There was the sound of food being thrown, then a door slamming and tires screeching. Finally they were done. @PERSON3 was leaving too, you could tell by the sound of a big diesel truck driving off. Now we were alone, @PERSON2 finally looked at @CAPS1, I could tell he was sad, he still looked like he wanted to cry. I could tell he hated the fighting and that's when I realized that's what had been wrong with him all day, they had been fighting like this all week, they were getting divorced. It wasn't the first divorce he had been through either, that was his dads third wife that had just walked out the door.   "@CAPS2, that's hell and really scary. Promise @CAPS1 WE will @CAPS3 fight like that?" I said. I had @CAPS3 heard anyone fight like that and frankly it scared @CAPS1, I would @CAPS3 want that kind of thing going on in my house.  "I promise."he smiled.  I kissed him on the nose and went to get up but he pulled @CAPS1 back down and kissed my nosed, I looked at him and smiled " @CAPS4, I really really gotta pee." That was all it took, he laughed, I hadn't heard his laugh all day.
