 Laughter is the cure to a sickness and the medicine to somebodies pain. Laughter can mend a friendship to make two strangers become the best of friends. A person can ask anybody on the street of how much laughter is important in life and they would say that laughter is very important. It's like love, everyone needs a little of it in their life and like laughter, it helps a person grow and become an adult. A person can use laughter to help them with anything like getting a job, or trying to get the girl, or just having a good time and making new friends. It's one of the main elements of life that make a person how they are and what they do. In the @DATE1 I was introduced to a girl named @DATE3, by my cousin @PERSON1. She started talking to me and I was shy because she was a girl and I wasn't used to talking to girls. I cracked a joke and that made her and I laugh together and that was the first icebreaker to making a new friend. The days went by and we were text messaging each other each day over the phone, making jokes about how our day was and making jokes about each other. Eventually we started talking to each other over the phone. Teens these days usually don't use the phone to call people and that makes emotions hard to understand because talking over text hides emotions from one another. @DATE3 called me and we would talk to each other until late in the @TIME1, to where we would both fall asleep and leave the phone on, and again we would always be making jokes about everything. Making each other laugh was one of our only connections with each other since she went to a different school. Making her happy was what I needed to do, and one of the ways to make her happy was to make her laugh or just be a charming young gentlemen because I was raised that way.  @DATE2 formal was coming near and I was in need of a date. @DATE3 was my best option for a date since I was getting close to her and I was starting to get attached to her. When I had the chance I asked her to be my date for the @DATE2 formal which would be one of the most special nights of my freshmen year. The day of the formal came and we danced the @TIME1 away and of course I had to make a few jokes about other things which made everyone laugh and have a good time. Near the end of the dance I asked her to be my girlfriend and she accepted. She said I was funny, and nice, and cute which was good. We had a fun time because good humor and fun kept the @TIME1 alive. The next @DATE2 formal, the same thing happened with a different girl except that laughter was an important key and that made the @TIME1 so much fun. That @TIME1 was one of the best nights of my life that I had ever had, because we were laughing and having the best @TIME1 ever. Laughter is an important key in my life. I would have never gotten the girl or have had the best @TIME1 of my life if laughter was never involved. Laughter makes everything better and I use it in my everyday life because everybody needs to have a good laugh if they are in a bad mood. Without laughter my life would be dull and have no color that would make me who I am today. It's one of the many keys of life that everyone needs to be happy, and without it you would be less happy then you are right now. A small child could live his whole childhood without laughter or any other important element in his life and he could end up being a mean and cruel person who does not understand good values and humor. Everybody needs personality and color in their life and with out it everything id grey. Life is like a coloring book and without someone or something to color them in with, it's just useless.
