 Life is so uncertain, unfair, and unforgiving, but one simple thing can change that view on the cruelty of the world; laughter. In your deepest concern in your darkest thoughts laughter can bring the sun. Laughter is a cure for the sick, a pill for the wounded, and comfort for the old. We give not even the slightest thought to laughing, when in return it gives us joy and happiness. Laughter is the light at the end of the tunnel, a flashlight for the lost, and a lifeline for the hopeless. Laughter truly is the cure for all of humanity. Explaining laughter is like explaining why we breath, we just do, it's a part of living. It's natural for people to laugh, maybe not always appropriate, but it's something we revert back to in necessary times. Laughing makes dreams, hopes, and puts to rest the thoughts of uncertainty. Laughing is a friend, a helper, and an icebreaker to many leaving joy and hope to everyone that it meets. It's part of life we must cherish every moment we can.  Many times laughter has helped me, but one time sticks out more then the rest. A moment, a simple moment were laughter changed me, my views, and life itself; putting my life into motion. With shoulders slumped I listened to my six period teacher as she droned on about nothing important. I turned around hoping to find something to distract me. When I turned I met eyes with a man I had never had spoken to, he watched me with curiosity waiting for my explanation. I wanted, no, needed to talk to him so I took a chance. "@CAPS1 you watched wrestling?" he smiled and chuckled.without that the conversation would @CAPS1 been totally different. He could @CAPS1 ignored me, but he laughed and that altered the course of my life. Soon after that, that man became my boyfriend, because we talked after I asked him that. That laugh made everything so simple, it made the puzzle fall into place. Moments @CAPS1 arise when laughing has dug me a pit of ruins. Even though laughing is such a wonderful thing you still need to be careful and know when the right time to laugh is and when its not. Again a moment that sticks to me was a time when I was young. I played by myself for the most part picking up a barbie I brushed her hair,"@CAPS2 come here." I heard my father call.I went to the living room where my brother already reside and waited with my barbie. My father kneel to talk,"@CAPS3 going to be leaving soon because she needs sometime. I want you to go with her and make sure everything is okay. I want you to stay with her and I'll see you when I can. I love you @CAPS2 always remember that." I bubbled with laughter, I didn't realize or even comprehend what was really going on. I laughed as we got into the car, by the time we were gone i realized how serious this issue was. Maybe I didn't hurt anyone by laughing, but it hurt me for not taking it so serious.  Life is never know, we never know where life will take us, lead us, kick us, or drop us. Laughter is an emotion and can cure the wounds, but its also a power we must not mistreat or misuse. Giving us joy and fun, it helps pick us up when we fall and it rejoices us. Laughter is a way of life and the savior of humanity.
