 When I was fourteen years old I think my family and I started riding four wheelers out in the sand. My parents friends are the one who got us started riding. The first time I went out there I had a @NUM1 @ORGANIZATION2 four wheeler and i couldn't stop laughing because it was so small and everybody had big four wheelers and dirt bikes, but riding out there with that thing was fun and my family would laugh every time my brother rode it up a hill because he would just ride the crap out of that thing. After that ride we sold my four wheeler and got a @NUM2 @ORGANIZATION1. Its the first time going to the dunes with my new four wheeler and I can't wait. We get to the dunes unload everything get our riding gear on and our helmets with our goggles on. It was thirty minutes of riding and my brother was jumping his four wheeler when some people showed up and was video taping him, which made him show off a little bit. So he was jumping in front of those people going further and further every time. My family couldn't stop smiling and laughing because he was showing up everybody there who was trying to out jump him. So when he got don't jumping the guys who were video taping him came up to us and they told us that he is really good and that we should follow them to another jump.So my brother trying to be cool whipped his bike around and wrecked it was funny my dad and I were laughing so hard our eyes were tearing up but lucky for him my dad and I were the only ones to see his little crash. So we went to go see if hes okay and he said yea so we took off. My brother and I were right behind them and our parents were no where in sight. I turned my head to look and see if they were behind us and when I look ahead of me all I see is a roost of sand in my face, which made me turn my handle bars so I hit a grass mound and the bike flew up in the air rolled off a little little hill and landed on my leg, my brother didn't knew he did that to me so I was stranded until my parents came. I don't know why but i couldn't stop laughing because believe it or not that wreck was actually kinda fun and funny because no matter what I did I couldn't seem to get that four wheeler off my leg.  About ten minutes passed by with my four wheeler on my leg and I finally heard a loud noise it was my dad and he came to save me so I told him what happened and he couldn't stop laughing at me. He told me he would get my brother back. So when we were on our way back to the truck my brother was behind my dad and my dad roosted him with sand so bad it made his goggles fall off! My parents and I couldn't stop laughing and we ended up pulling over so we could stop laughing at my brother. After that my brother doesn't roost me anymore.  It's been a year since we have started riding and still my brother has not yet roosted me. He still tends to show off. This one time my moms friends came out and my brother was trying to be cool and ride really fast from coming out of the dunes and he slid on the concrete and he wrecked in front of us and maybe like seven people, it was hilarious everybody was laughing besides my mom. He looked at his arm and he had road rash all down his arm. Well I guess that's what he gets for trying to show off. It's like every time he tries to show off he wrecks, so why does he keep doing it? I don't know why but maybe he should stop sometime so he doesn't wreck every time we go out there. Just kidding it doesn't bother me when he wrecks because they are usually funny. I thinks that's why we have so much fun out there because of him.
