 From birth to young adulthood, kids are raised by their guardians or parents. It is the parent's responsibility to convey to their children good morals, life skills, and to teach them how to cope and thrive in society. @CAPS24 parenting children requires being firm and strictly reinforcing rules. The result of this however, is the child leaves their parents prepared to live their adult lives outside the home.It is safe to say that although I am a still a teenager, I have learned quite a lot about raising kids. My knowledge mostly being based off of stories passed down to me by my parents and grandparents about their life lessons. Being "in on" these small, yet significant bits of history is quite enjoyable for me. I'd have to say that although many of the facts about the "good old days" are great, it is the almost tangible memories which my family connects with laughter that are the most significant to me. My @CAPS1 grew up in the @DATE1's living in a small yet average sized house with her @CAPS1, @CAPS3, and four brothers and sisters. The main subject which is the focus of the stories my @CAPS1 retells about her childhood come from memories made at the dinner table. It was her @CAPS5's (my @CAPS6's) goal, for his children to learn proper manners and standard etiquette. It was expected of the @PERSON3 children to practice this by being calm, courteous, and mindful of their physical actions when gathered around the table for dinner. For an average, fun, causal, and not so dignified @CAPS7 family, that was a lot to ask. Throughout their childhood my @CAPS1 and her siblings tried their very best to behave and do as they were told at the dinner table. The only common occurrence that was particularly displeasing to my @CAPS6 was when someone spilled their milk. This fateful event happened almost every night. When milk was spilled it was either the cause of a child engaging in funny business, or it was a result of reaching to far to retrieve the butter dish. Whatever the reason, it was somehow hysterically funny when this occurred. The only catch was, that laughing at the table was frowned upon for it seemed to break the formal mood the family strove for during the evening meal. Laughing and spilling milk were two actions not encouraged at the dinner table. Spilling milk did not continue to happen as often as the children grew up, but that is not to say that is discontinued it's presence at the dinner table completely. One night it was not my @CAPS1 nor any of her siblings that spilled their milk. Instead, it was my @CAPS6. When the initial incident occurred, the whole family was in a state of shock. In effort to clean up the mess everyone donated their napkin, while their @CAPS3 maintained a controlled but disgruntled demeanor. When all was cleaned up, the family went on with their meal and on my @CAPS6's face was a subtle yet unmistakable grin. Years later my @CAPS1 (@PERSON4), @PERSON1, @CAPS15 @CAPS16, @PERSON2, and @PERSON2 @CAPS17 grew up, got married, and some even began families of their own. Most of my @CAPS1's family lives in @LOCATION2 so they enjoyed coming up to visit their @CAPS1 and @CAPS3 (my @CAPS21 and @CAPS6) at the holidays or whenever they were able. During these times when the entire family is able to gather here in @LOCATION1, there is hardly ever a somber or serious moment at the dinner table. As my @CAPS3 would say, "@CAPS24 we laugh so hard that tears run down our legs."  I attribute to the fun we have together to this bond of love that connects us all, and I feel it would not be as prominent without the element of laughter. I feel that my @CAPS6 (who is now in heaven with @CAPS21), accomplished the goal of preparing his children for life. Now that they are all grown up, they can let loose, enjoy each others company, and feel free to bust out in laughter even if there is a risk of someone spilling their milk.
