 When we look back on the past, everything seems to have had a deeper meaning. When we grow older, however, we see the world with new eyes. We see the truth, harsh, stripped of the glossy film that hid it. Laughter helps us see the joy once again, to remember it is there. When is the last time you got lost in laughter? Studies have shown that laughter releases feel-good chemicals in the body. It can add years to a life because, believe it or not, our bodies like to be happy. Laughter is a highly addictive and contagious drug and the best part is that it is free, legal and healthy! Laughter makes us feel better in times of need and brings us closer together. Through whatever is happening in our lives, laughter is one of the only things that can distract us from the pain and stress. As life gets more and more complicated as we grow older, we find that laughter is harder to come by, but no less needed. I remember a time when I was excited every day to go to school. I loved to arrive at the familiar classroom and see everyone who made my days brighter. We would tell jokes and reminisce of fond memories and in the process would make brand new ones for the future. Life was simpler, the worst of our worries surrounded the desperation to be older, to shed our youth and step out of the powerless shells we were imprisoned in. Of only we knew what that really meant. Smiles were not hard to come by and we all enjoyed the simplicity that our lives had to offer. Through all the memories and laughter, I began to realize that love existed aside from movies and family, the love that you find for a friend that you treasure. Laughter was the key variable, revealed in understanding my relationships. When you learn how to fall deeply in love as a kid, that patience and trust can get you through ever day of the rest of your life. All we need to do is to is remember not to forget. The simplicity of childhood is what makes it so precious. Unfortunately as we all grown older, the future looms over our heads, casting a shadow over the things we cherish. There is a predetermined way we are supposed to live our lives that for some reason, erases the plausibility of our true aspirations. Laughter gives way to sighs and tears while dimples are forgotten and replaced with furrowed brows. Everything in adulthood orbits around the office and is held to a nine to five obligation. Businessmen walk past looking like identical mindless penguins. Where did all the fun go? It seems that the pleasure is evaporated with every passing day. We no longer get to know our colleagues around a circle of carpet squares. Instead we are confined to our felt paddock and swivel chair. All the stress makes us forget to laugh, but we simply can't forget. Laughter is the amnesia that makes the cubicle into a fort and the chair into a rocket ship that will take us from our fort to follow our dreams.  So when is the last time you got lost in laughter? Make it now. Take the pen and turn it into a quill. Step out of your cubicle and find the world that you enjoy. Laugh every day because life is too short to forget.
