 People always say laughter is a big part in a relationship. Is it true? In my opinion I am not so sure, but my grandmother says laughter is always a huge part in a relationship. Makes a you feel good when you make your best friend, parents, boyfriend or girlfriend laugh. It is the best feeling ever because you know how to put a smile on that person. Have you ever been walking around a store and you spot two couples laughing , having fun? I have and sometimes i feel like being in that same place. My grandmother always tells me her stories about her and my grandpa when they were young. She always says "laughter plays a big part in our relationship".  She was @NUM1 and @CAPS1 was @NUM2 the first time they met. Everyone always said they were never going to last, but the only way they could find out is to wait and believe. She felt like singing everytime she heard his name. She said she would walk into their shadows with him. She felt like all her problems would go away, everytime she had the chance to hang out with him. Everytime she could think about him she would smile and laugh. Thats how happy she felt about him. Can we call it love? I say it was, sometimes I wish I was in love like my grandmother is. She seems so happy everytime she talks about him, but i still dont know if laughter is @CAPS2 kept them together for so long. I see a really huge smile on my grandmother everytime she says, "@CAPS1 didn't have the brightest head in the world, but @CAPS1 always knew how put a smile on my face". Because she says that @CAPS1 wasn't so smart but @CAPS1 knew how to make jokes, and make her laugh. A question she asked me once "@CAPS2 do you think of two couples when you see them laughing, having a good time". The first thing that pops to your head is that they know how to have fun and doesnt let anything get in their ways of laughing and having a goodtimes. My grandmother says that the thing that kept her and my grandpa together was laughter, because if you dont know howe to make the other person laugh you dont know if you could have a good time with that person. When my grandparents are mad at each other it never last to long because my gandpa always knows how to make her laugh. Maybe if they didn't know how to make each other laugh than maybe they wouldnt be together still. I understand now my grandmother felt in love with my grandpa, because of how @CAPS1 made her laugh. In a relationship you always have to know how to put a smile on the other person, because if you dont know than pretty sure things will not work out. My grandmother was right, laughter does play a big part in their relationship.They alwasy know how to make everything better by making jokes or by doing something funny. I can never be mad at my grandparents because they know so many tricks to make my self laugh. That's @CAPS2 makes our family relationship stick together, and other familys also.I finally get it laughter is a big part in a relationship.
