 Have you ever had a memorable time, where you laughed so hard with friends or family? Well I know I have had several of those times with my friends and family. I love those times that you laugh so hard your stomach starts aching really bad.  First, one of my most recent memorable laughing moments I spent with my mom that I don't see often. So this moment meant a lot to me as you can imagine. The last time she came to see my older brother and I we went bowling. She brought her friend down with her as well. My brother and I hadn't bowled in a very long time, but we knew we would still beat them. It turns out my mom beat me though. We had a lot of great laughs over that, actually I think that was the first time I wasn't a sore loser. Although, I'm still not sure how she beat me, she would through the ball down the lane sideways and some how it would go right down the middle. When you have moments like these, that you can look back on to help you through the hard times, it's really inspirational. All in all we had some really great laughs that day that were shared with my mom.  Another memorable laughing moment was spent with my dad and brother. Every once in awhile my dad, brother and I sit in our living room and talk about several different things, some good and some bad. They can be about my mom, school, our animals or all three of our compassion for sports. These talks always mean a lot to me because we never spend much time together. We don't get to spend much time together because my brother and me are always at school or in some kind of sport and my dad is always at work. These conversations have several effects on me sometimes they are sad and other times they make me feel better about things. There are so many laughable moments just in our living room. One thing we always like to laugh about is the way my dad always says album. For some reason he thinks he has to add another @CAPS1 in front of the @CAPS2 so it spells alblum. My brother and I enjoy making fun of him for that but we all have our moments we like to laugh at each other for. That was just one of the many things we love to laugh about.  Sometimes laughter is a very important part in someones life. For someone who is on the edge, or upset, just saying something little to make them smile or laugh makes all the difference in the world. Laughter is a great way to make people feel loved and excepted, also a great way to put people back on track when they're down. I know smiles and laughing makes me feel so much better inside. I hope you have had some great laughing moments spent with the people you love and care about.
