 On a hot @DATE3 day during the middle of @DATE1 and I were having a blast camping in @LOCATION2. @PERSON1 and her family took me along on their camping trip we stayed in their @CAPS1, our campsite was right by the ocean so we would go on daily walks there. We stayed in @LOCATION2 for a week. During that week, i believe on @DATE2 her older sister went into labor she lives in @LOCATION1 which is a pretty long drive from @LOCATION2. That morning @PERSON1's mom and dad woke us up very early in the morning around six thirty A.M, @PERSON1 and i had stayed up @TIME1 before until about three thirty in the morning so we were pretty tired at that point. We found out that we were going to take a little plane from @LOCATION5 to @LOCATION4 airport and we got it fairly cheap because @PERSON1's brother works there. Sense we knew we had a long day ahead of us on only about three hours of sleep we both drank very strong coffee to keep us going. Then we were off to the airport the whole way there we were laughing about everything street signs, names of buildings, funny looking birds, songs, also we have @CAPS2 accents that we say every word with so it was that much funnier. My stomach muscles hurt so bad i don't know if we were laughing because things were actually funny or if we were delirious from not having much sleep and on top of that on a caffeine high and sugar rush. Once we got to the actual airport we still could not stop laughing @PERSON1's parents were getting frustrated with us even though we were making them crack up also. We all boarded the plane and we sat next to each other of course. We swear still to this day that we had a secret agent sitting behind us he had on spy glasses, a suit and an ear piece @CAPS3 the secret agents wear that protect the president we kept making up stories about what he does we couldn't stop laughing. Finally he started to talk to us. We were very enthused he was telling us all the places he was going the place I remember the most is @LOCATION3 a secret agent! We knew it at this point. We thought how awesome of a job! Of course @PERSON1's parents interrupted "I'm sorry sir, are they bothering you?" @CAPS3 we were some kind of pest, he replied "of course not, i have nothing better to do." We even had him laughing so hard that he was crying i guess you could say we are pretty funny when we are together. The best part was when her mom was having anxiety about flying i mean its not funny but she mad it funny because she was saying things such as "oh my goodness were gonna crash, girls be quiet your freaking me out" etc. @PERSON1 and I took advantage of the situation and made her even more scared. finally we landed. At the airport we went to the restroom and there was free toothbrushes so we took some @PERSON1 took a green one and I took a pink one. we used them all day in pictures and everything. Then we got a rental car and went to the hospital still laughing about everything we got into the hospital and finally seen the baby she was so cute. We started to settle down once we were in the room. After about an hour we went out to eat we were all so hungry. We ate then had to sit around and waste three hours we went to the mall then to @PERSON1's family's house we crashed! @PERSON1 and I were dead! but we still had the flight home, dreading every step we didn't know how we were going to make it. Finally we got on the plane went back to camp and went to sleep. It was one of those "had to be there" days i cant put the emotion and laughter into words it was that funny. We are best friends for a reason were definitely not boring which i think keeps us so close.
