 The night was a cool, @DATE1 night, not too cold but definetly not the muggy temperatures @DATE2 brought you. This was the type of @NUM1 degree weather that would allow you to wear jeans and a t-shirt and still be comfortable. The air hugged my skin as I walked up the path that led to my friends front door. Overhead I knew the stars hung in the sky but they were paid no attention by me. Inside the house I knew both of my bestfriends were awaiting my arrival. I also knew that there was a potential of them being angry with me. For what, I did not know. I did know that when I left school that day there was a feeling in my gut that told me something wasn't right. Walking home, as I increased the distance between them and me, there was a churning in my stomach that prodded me to look back. When I did, they were both staring at me with looks I couldn't (or didn't want to) place on their faces.  All of that made my heart give occasional, hard, thumps on my chest from the nervousness. Yet, I pretended that everything was okay. "For all I know", I told myself, "it might as well be, and I'm overreacting." I knocked on the white-painted wooden door and stared at the maroon side-paneling, waiting for an answer. My friend @LOCATION1 answered the door. From somewhere inside I could hear my other friend @PERSON1 laughing. I knew that I had missed out on something, the laughter explained that to me as I stepped inside. There was a hollow feeling in my chest. I wanted to know what I had missed out on. I hated not knowing. A mix of emotions jumped around inside my body, causing my head to be a jumbled mess that I couldn't make sense of.  I gently pushed open @LOCATION1's bedroom door with my fingertips. Like always, the turquoise walls and the sound of radio station music jumped out to greet me. @PERSON1 was laughing and dancing to the music, but when she saw me, she stopped and stared. The moment seemed to stretch and expand in time. I felt my guard go up. If she was mad, fine. I didn't do anything wrong and I would maintain my innocence. The moment was stretching and stretching to the point I thought it might break, then @CAPS1 hugged me, completely catching me off gaurd, but filling me with a sense of right, because I'd known I hadn't done anything wrong. Everything seemed normal for what felt like a second and then @PERSON1 explained the gut feeling I had when I was walking home from school that day. I was being accused of not putting in any work into a reading project. The accusation appalled me and deflated my pride. Instead, a mild anger boiled up and I simply walked out the door and into the cool night. I heard my friends calling my name and following me down the street but I kept walking. I told myself this was out of anger, but @DATE3 I know it was for the sake of making a scene.  The footsteps I listened for behind me suddenly came at a faster pace. I glanced over my shoulder and saw @PERSON1 running at me. Against my will, I let out a high-pitched scream and started running, digging my feet into the concrete sidewalk. I felt determination flow through my veins. I would walk all the way home in the dark to make my point. @PERSON1 caught up to me and tried to pull me back to the house but I resisted with all my might. I knew I couldn't get out of her grip, out of sheer stubborness, I planted my butt on the curb and refused to budge. I realized I had only passed two houses. My friends exchanged glances and picked me up by my arms and legs and started carrying me towards the direction of the house. I grasped for the anger that was slipping from my hands. I wanted to stay mad but I couldn't. I started laughing and any tension I still felt swarming around me lifted up and flew away. A grin decorated my face from one ear to the other and my good sense came back to me gracefully. They set me down in the middle of the road. I looked up and admired the stars, that I had missed before, winking at me from above. The last ribbons of laughter still danced around in the air and whispered to me that everything was going to be okay.
