 My mom always say laughter is the greatist medican and it is true for me anyways. When ever I got sick or hurt I will allways laugh at a great joke and it made me feel a little better when ever my family go on a long trip we always made jokes and tease each other soon the trip dont seem that long at all. it's very short and you wish that it could of been longer. One night me and my family was going home from the store and my brother asked "what are we having for dinner tonight" "hambugers" she told us my brother kind of freaked out becouse we dont got @ORGANIZATION1's and my mom said all well and my dad then was in a smal store called @CAPS1 hopped in the car and started to drive home. "I feel like having mexican food tonight can we eat at @ORGANIZATION2's tonight" my mom asked "no I thought we were having hambugers tonight" he answered "We have no @ORGANIZATION1's" my mom laughed. Then my dad stopped the car and turned around "why" we all asked "we don't got @ORGANIZATION1's @CAPS2 has some chips at least" then we all started bursting out laughing. Once we got ot the place and found a place to sit we were all talking and my sister bursted out " look dad I can move the straw from just looking at it" and she stared at the straw in the cup and everyone whent silent. I knew that it wouldn't move so I tapped the straw so it can move "ha look it moved" she was laughing knowing that she did not move the straw. my mom was trying to hold the laugh becouse my dad for a second thought she could move the straw for just looking at it. "I can't believe I fell for that" we finished up are meal and went home laughing and joking all the way.   Laughter can bring people together family, friends, even enymeys sometimes I laugh so hard that I could not breath so well. laughter bring fun in life and knowing that some other people have the same intrests and you @MONTH1 gain a friend you never know just like my family and the @LOCATION1's trip everyone laughs. When it snowed one day I graved my cell phone and gathered the neighbors and my brother and sister and went to the park together we had this idea to have a snow ball fight mixed with capture the flag. We all picked our bases and the type of flag that we want and then started the game we had fun playing we were laughing so hard that it hurt and soon before I relized it I was geting to know my nieghbor better after that day we talked to each other more and understood each other more the next time we have a snow ball fight I hope she is on my team and we will win for sure.
