 The surrounding area is dimly lit, accompanied by a fluorescent lamp shaded in the corner. Our blaring television screening an action packed, science fiction movie drowns out profane rap music escaping from my brothers headphones. Cuddled up on the couch my sister, @PERSON2, and I alternate braiding each others hair. Our small kittens @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON1 race to their food and water. As always @PERSON1 is superior and @ORGANIZATION2 scurries up the dining room chairs, defeated. Irritated @CAPS1 @CAPS2 sighs heavily with frustration once @ORGANIZATION2 trips his laptop charger and rips it out of the socket. Keys jingle, the door slams, speedy footsteps: @CAPS3's home!   By now it is @NUM1 o'clock and we have settled on the couch and everybody seat checks after snatching some food. The aroma of spicy @CAPS4 food steams the entire apartment as everybody feasts on chalupas and gulps down @ORGANIZATION1 from @LOCATION1. Napkins are distributed and the cats linger around our feet, waiting for their share. The last bite of my chalupa is portioned between the cats, which causes a bit of ruckus. @PERSON1 undertakes @ORGANIZATION2! The thief in @PERSON1's attitude begin to shine through as she robs @ORGANIZATION2's portion. This causes @ORGANIZATION2 to hiss at her, and proceed to hop onto the coffee table. On the way, she charges through the five drinks at the end of the table, managing to knock over two of them. Then the nacho cheese, being very unnoticeable, coats her striped gray paw leaving one-inch, yellow-orange circles to puzzle us. Minute but sharp white teeth are exposed and she devours the remains of @PERSON2's chalupa. Raining down the coffee table are trails of blue fizzy @ORGANIZATION1, and puddles gather at my feet the new suede couch. Smothered by booming laughter, @PERSON2 screams at @ORGANIZATION2 for stealing her chalupa. Following the escape of @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON1 trots innocently behind her. My sister is still steaming angrily so in attempt to calm her down, I take off my newly @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1-stained sock and catapult the mess toward her head. Instead of the sock slapping her in the face like I had hoped, it whistled past her ear and splashed in the fullness of my mothers stomach. Between the sock and the cats, the whole family is cracking up! @CAPS1 @CAPS2 reenacts the situation and his wild sound effects encourage our laughter even more. After a few minutes, the chuckles die down and we prepare ourselves for the next humorous incident.  I am freezing and muddy after a rainy softball practice, my siblings are just lounging around, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is frustrated from failure of employment, and @CAPS3 is weary and exhausted from a long day at work. We all look forward to what the night has in store for us: laying our busy brains on a fluffy pillow and allowing slumber to take over our life for the next @NUM1 hours. Looking past our sleepiness, we can still happily spend time with one another. Considering the fact that @PERSON1 is younger than @ORGANIZATION2, hilarious situations such as this, amuse my family daily. Surprisingly @ORGANIZATION2 wore the warrior suit this time which added a few extra minutes to the process of the hilarity. Not only that, by also the fact that it took a toll on everybody's dinner. My family is blessed with the knowledge of seeing light in odd situations. The main element in our memorable moments is laughter. Laughter is one of the few bonds our family will hold forever. 
