 My best friend @PERSON2 turned thirteen on a beautiful @DATE1 day. Her family had a boat and, since it the weather was not quite uncomfortably hot but not so cold that it was chilly outside, @PERSON2 decided to have a sleepover birthday party on the deck with some of her closest freinds. I was nervous about meeting her school-going friends since I'd always been a homeschooler and wasn't going to know any of the other people there. When I arrived at the boat, @PERSON2 introduced me to her friends @PERSON1, @PERSON3, and @PERSON4. I greeted them all and @PERSON2 suggested we go @CAPS2. I was ready to walk down to the beach but @PERSON4 said she wanted to go @CAPS2 right on the docks. @CAPS2 by the boats wasn't allowed and I was certain @PERSON2 would say @CAPS1 immidiately but instead she walked over to the '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' sign, tore it down, and tossed it in the harbor. Her friends laughed and I laughed too. I'd never seen people act this way. But their disregard for rules and customs was contagious. As the day went by I watched the was they talked and behaved. The girls used bad language and spoke harshly. Everything they said was loud and shocking and everything they did was to be wild and challange authority. They acted so free but there was something about their interactions with each other that seemed forced. I wondered if they were truly this way or if they were just pretending. But I understood that to be part of them I had to act like them. It was my first expirience with peer pressure and I didn't know quite what to do. But the girls' attutudes were simple, so I adapted and started to behave like them. But it became clear to me that in order for there to be a group there has to be someone who wasn't in the group. That was @PERSON3. @PERSON2' parents had made her invite @PERSON3 and @PERSON4 and @PERSON1 knew it. They would sit close together so she didn't quite have room, they would look with disintrest at her without laughing when she tried to make a joke. I became aware that if I hadn't adapeted so quickly to the attitude of the girls, I might have been the one they left out. I also knew that they could still turn on me if I did something wrong. We were sitting on the deck of the boat talking about movies and @PERSON3 was trying to tell the group about one that she'd just seen and was now her favorite. @PERSON1 stared blankly at her, refusing to smile. @PERSON4 looked off into space. @PERSON2 rolled her eyes to me. Sudenly, @PERSON1 cut @PERSON3 off and started talking about a scary movie she'd just seen. @PERSON3's eyes widened, then she looked down at the ground. Without thinking, I laughed and reached out to her arm, telling her I wanted to hear more about the movie. I'll never forget the way she lit up at that simple kindness. She smiled and began to gush about how amazing it was with renewed enthusuasm. @PERSON1 condinuted her story while watching @PERSON3 and me. @TIME1, when we went to the movie theater and the girls chose to sit in a row that only had room for four, I moved to sit with @PERSON3 in the next row down. We talked about the absurdity of straws for drinks and how we would never, ever wear skinny jeans. It was easy to talk to her. I didn't have to run everything I said through my head to make sure it wouldn't make anyone dislike me. Even @TIME1 when we were back at the boat, I tried to behave in the same way. I'd never had to focus on being myself before but I knew if I could do it, @PERSON3 would have someone to talk to. To my surprise, everyone became more natural. Soon we were all joking about what ridiculous things @PERSON2 should wish for with her birthday wish. I suggested a lifetime supply of marshmellows. @PERSON4 suggested the original @CAPS3 of @CAPS4. @PERSON3 suggested to wish that everyone in america would speak with a @CAPS5 accent on @PERSON2' birthday from now on. Everyone laughed. I saw that day that kindness if more powerful than crulty. Making someone an enemy or an outsider doesn't make a friendship stronger. Neither does having to worry about saying or doing something that might make your friends reject you. But integrity and kindness can bring people closer.
