 Laughter is one of the most important elements in one's life. If you're down, one smile, or laugh, causes your body to send messages throughout you body making you feel better. Scientists also say that it takes more muscles to frown than smile. I believe that this is true, because in order to frown, you have to make your whole body look like it's frowning, like your shoulders and your face, but only a little smile shows people that you're happy. In that way, my family is extremely beneficial to each other. Everyday when we're having a conversation, someone will bring up a story, or movie quote that they were reminded of and say it out loud to everybody with just the right accent so that it sounds exactly like the movie, and cause everyone to laugh. For example, every now and again, my brother or sister will bring up a quote from @PERSON1 or @PERSON2, two comedians we really enjoy listening to, and every person in the room would pitch in with hilarious quotes they said and this could go on all night. Or, a little while ago, my favorite movie wasGet @CAPS1 because it was quite entertaining, so we would have rampages over supper or just randomly in the kitchen quoting that one movie for at least half an hour and the room would be filled with non-stop laughter. On the other hand, someone will make a random comment because they heard wrong, or just don't understand. Like when we were having a dinner party at my house. My family and our guests were sitting at the table just finished eating when we got onto the topic of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 because my little sister was learning about them in school. We verbally completed the train of "Which @CAPS4 ruled @CAPS5, who they came from, and @CAPS5 they're other names were". But according to my little sister, we missed one. So, out of the blue comes "@CAPS5 about @CAPS6?!". Her intentions were about the @CAPS4, but I believe everyone in the room heard "@CAPS5 about @CAPS9 @CAPS10?!", until we paused for a second and processed @CAPS5 she meant, and we all laughed and she had no idea why until she stopped to think about it herself. Our family has good times filled with laughter and jokes, but there are also a few very depressing times. About four years ago, an incident happened with my next door neighbor that caused him to be brutally attacked and pass away on our door step. He was very dear to my family and the rest of the cul-de-sac we live in, and for him to die like that was extremely unexpected and terrible to wake up to in the middle of night. After that, there was a period of not very much laughter and fun because we were all haunted by this horror. But, we all knew that his spirit was there to protect us, and so whenever we thought of that, there was a gap between the mourning of his loss, only to be filled in with happiness and laughter. I believe that my family and I have a really tight connection between each other, because we're so funny. There's never any stress between us, but always a calm sense of familiarity and bonding. Someone once said "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I believe that, whoever that person is, is right. Even between two strangers that run into each other on the street, if they stop and have a conversation, and one person cracks a joke causing them both to laugh, it's the spark to an immediate connection, and they could become friends for a long time. This is one of the most important values that people have, and most people overlook how much it really matters to humanity.
