 What exactly is laughter? Is it when something virtuous happens and it makes a person joyful? According to @PERSON1's @CAPS1, laughter is a cause of merriment. In other words a light heart-ed fun spirit. Laughter is not only an important role in relationships, but plays a big role in life itself. An example of laughter being important in relationships is, when a very good friend of mine stopped speaking to me over this empty-headed quarrel we had about some animal becoming instinct. It had been almost two years exactly, since her and I haven't spoken. I thought nothing would brings us together, until one day when I was at the store and we ran into each other. We just looked at one another and just started laughing. Right than and there we figured out that the argument we had was pointless, and not worth talking about. To be more clear with this story is that without laughter my friend and I would have never been reunited. When you meet new people what's the first thing you tend to do to get them to enjoy you? You usually tell jokes, or say something funny just to get a chuckle or two out of them. This is where laughter ties into life, physical and mental experiences that make up the existence of an individual. When you meet a new person you often see those individuals have at least one thing in common. I guarantee that in every single friendship laughter is the most common thing people share together. There is no possible way of getting around it. Another example of why laughter is important in life is when someone is looking for a job, or going to a job interview and the one who is in charge of making the decision of whether or not you get the job has no personality. What do you most often do in this type of situation, either show your serious side or possibly crack a few jokes. If this doesn't work well at least that person has a good idea about your personality. Learning how to handle life can become very stressful, also trying to handle it mentally can be quite a challenge. A friend of mine just graduated from college and she was struggling on trying to find a job that she studied in. She was very stressed out, and also very depressed because her grandma was in the hospital and ready to pass on. @CAPS3 didn't know what to do, no money was coming in yet, and she couldn't find an apartment she just was a mess. Until one day she told me that she revived a call from her sister and her sister mentioned that their grandma couldn't hold on and she was ready to pass. @CAPS3 rushed to the hospital and went to go see the last of her grandma before she passed. Her grandma grabbed her hand and told her, "I know life can be mean and just give you no chances but you have to get through that and enjoy life. Life's to short to be worrying about what tomorrow will bring. Just put that smile on your face and laugh when life gives you the worst." @CAPS2 and there @CAPS3 realized that what her grandma had said was true. You can't live through life in a drag, just have to get up and take it. @CAPS3 was very devastated about her grandmas lost, but @CAPS2 again she felt it was meant to happen because without her grandma telling her about this she wouldn't have never known that her grandma experienced the same thing as she did. She didn't feel like she was the only one in the world that was going through these difficult crisis. She will always love her grandma.  When you learn how to take life as it comes people tend to notice it is indeed a very hard step to achieve. Individuals learn in many other ways or some just don't learn at all. For example, @CAPS3 learned from experience going on with school and struggling with tying to find a job. Her grandma told her right before she passed on because her grandma probably most likely experienced it as well. Other people learn form meeting new people, and just having fun with life, or like me I learned the hard way by not talking to a very good friend of mine over a empty- headed argument. Laughter comes in different shapes and sizes, we as human beings have to approach it, whether it's an argument or learning it as it comes. One way or another it will come and we have to be ready for it, its not a scary thing. The benefits of laughter is it makes you happy and people tend to be having a good time. Laughter is a positive thing, and people shouldn't ignore it, its a good stress reliever as well. Laughter is a cause of merriment, a light heart-ed fun spirit. Laughter is not only an important role in relationships but plays a big role in life itself.
