 Laughter is a symbol of joy and happiness. It is to become amused or derisive. Many people today make jokes or funny remarks just to hear somebody laugh. It is never something we should take for granted. Through many relationships no matter what kind, I believe laughter takes up at least @PERCENT1 of your relationship. It's to show the best out of someone and to let them know you are listening. There are plenty of other reasons in this world needed for laughter. "I'm sure you can even think of one".  In my views of this world and our society today, I believe laughter is what makes up our "human" spirit. It's to show ourselves and other people the spark we have inside us. Have you ever sat and pondered why we make each other laugh? I have asked myself this same question over and over. For me making people laugh is letting them know I care and to also think I'm funny as well. We even do it just the fact of wanting people to like us better and to be known as funny, hilarious, or just a good person to talk to. Sometimes we can go to the extremes of being to funny, and feeling guilty for picking on someone in a laughable way.  I remember in the eighth grade, I was thirteen years old. I was really shy and didn't have much friends. One day in class some of the popular kids actually came over and started talking to me. I was @CAPS1 excited and nervous that other kids wanted to talk to me. Of course they were laughing and making jokes, not caring what anyone else was saying. Then this one girl started talking about other people like she knew everything. When she started talking about my best friend it made me angry but happy at the same time, because some of the things she was saying were true. That's were I messed up, I started talking about all the other dumb things she did, just to make everybody else laugh. As I was sitting there all I felt was guilt and disappointment in myself. I couldn't believe I was sitting there talking about my best friend, just to try and make myself popular. Later that day she came up to me really upset and couldn't understand why I would do that to her. I told her I was sorry and that I only did it to make myself popular and seem funny to other kids. We didn't talk for almost two weeks. @CAPS1 I tried to do everything in my own possible way to get my best friend back. It did take me awhile, but she finally came around and forgave me. It was a good life lesson for me, knowing laughter @MONTH1 not always be a good thing. Now me and my friend are juniors in high school and when we think back on that day. We both together can share a laugh. In conclusion, you can see how laughter can bring somebody up and tear them down. I have experienced these things as well in my life time. Laughter has made me stronger and to be a better person, even if it means turning down popular kids @CAPS1 you don't hurt those closest to you."@CAPS1 go out and make somebody laugh today".
