It was a normal sunny day in the country hill's of @ORGANIZATION1. The sun was out and shineing on the creek that me, my twin brother and my best friend were swimming in. The creek was fantastic. It was a deep swimming hole that all the neighborhood kids would swim in. Since all the other kids were either too old and busy to swim, or they were too young it was just us three that swam in the creek that @DATE1. We loved it. It helped cool us down during the heat of the day. We would play games like @PERSON1, and tag in the water. There was even a rope swing off the little brigde that one of the older kids made. The swimming hole was the place to be that @DATE1.  Eventually we got hungry and tired of swimming in the hole for a while. There was this trail we would use to walk back to my house. The trail was the fastest way to get home. From the trail you could see farm animals grazing in the sun filled fields. The day we walked this trail was a little different then normall. All the farm animals were making noise. One of the farm hands was walking the trail listening for a bell. He said one of his goats had gotten out. He warned us that the goat was alittle mean and if we saw it to keep our distance. So we took the warning and walked on. Once we reached the gravel road that lead to my house, @PERSON2 said she heard the bell. My brother and I didnt believe her at all. We thought she was playing another joke on us. We walked on for about @NUM1 seconds. All of the sudden @PERSON2 screamed run! My brother and i turned around and saw the white goat with big horns chasing us! We ran as fast as we could. I tripped over my feet and fell. I got up as fast i could and sprinted faster. I could tell my adrenaline was up because I was running really fast and i wasn't getting tired. We reached the hotwire fence that surround my house. We all stopped and questioned if we could jump over it or not. The goat was getting closer and closer, we didn't have much time to deside weather we could or not. My brother was the first to jump. Of course he made it and soo did @ORGANIZATION2. I was the last one. I started to panic in my head. I backed up alittle and ran and jumped over the fence. I thought i was gonna make it but then my foot caught the fence and i flung over the fence and face planted it. It was super embbarrasing. My friend and brother were both laughing histarically at me. I could tell my face was beat red and i was mad that i fell. Again. Although i still found myself laughing. The goat had stopped at the fence and started to charge it with his horns. That made me jump and run. I dived over a row boat were my brother and friend was and I said oh my lanta that was the funniest most scareiest thing i had experianced all @DATE1. We walked up to the house laughing and talking about eachothers faces as we where running and how funny it was that i face planted it. They made fun of the face i made when the goat started to charge the fence. Even though i was embarrased that i tripped over the fence, I still found my self laughing and making fun of myself for what had happened. I would have to say that was the best day all @DATE1. We got up to my house and went into the kitchen to find my mom laughing so hard that she was crieing. We all asked her what was soo funny and she said she saw the whole thing from the window. We all started laughing to point we all cried. We all told the story the story to our parents when they all came over for dinner and they laughed and laughed. All of our cheeks hurt by the end of @TIME1. Laughing is great. It mends the soul. Plus its a great ab work out!!!!
