 Laughter is the so called "best medicine". I do not believe that to be true, however my nephew @MONTH1 have other thoughts. My nephew was "sick" for every school day for two weeks. "@CAPS1 just doesn't like school", I would tell his grandma. The thought of school being no fun and not liking it changed drastically for my nephew.  We let him think it was going to be another boring school day, but it was party day for them. Every two weeks if they work hard they get a party, lucky for @CAPS2 they have been working diligently. The stubborn side of my nephew was showing it's ugly face that morning as @CAPS1 fought every move we made. When we walked through that narrow door @PERSON1 did something uncharacteristic, to him and five year old's all over the @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 stood as still and silent as a marble statue. It couldn't have been better prepared! Streamers, balloons, food, party hats, and bags, they went all out for the first one of the year. The aroma made my stomach gurgle with desire. Above all they had desserts, cakes, cookies, pie, all of this cooked thirty feet from you. so you walk through that door and you mouth instantly fills with warm saliva. These children played with a ninja like ability, one moment in front of you, you blink, and just as fast as you blinked they disappeared. It took me an hour at least to find @PERSON1 in that small room. As I realized though it's easier to sit down and let them find you. As my butt hit the cold, hard, and nearly unbearable surface @PERSON1 was in front of me. @CAPS1 had this ear to ear grin on his face that scared me, @CAPS1 never had that big of a grin on his face unless @CAPS1 had a plan. @CAPS1 definitely had a plan, in seconds my face was soaked.  @CAPS1 had been concealing a squirt gun behind his back, and had the escape route planned out. With the chairs and the short tables how they sat long legs and weaving through them did not go well together. It was extremely difficult to catch up in the room, but once we hit the hallway and I could extend my legs it was an easy run. His ear to ear grin disappeared once I caught him, but the laughter on both sides did not. @CAPS1 @MONTH1 have got my face but I got his head! My nephew loves school now. It's almost the end of his first year, and they still party hard, but thanks to us no more squirt guns. I think if we would have waited any longer it would have taken some more work to get him to like school. @PERSON1 is a very smart, athletic and good child. @CAPS1 will be just fine in school, plus @CAPS1 is strong so I pity the child who fights him.
