 @DATE1 my birthday, my boyfriend @PERSON2 took me to @LOCATION1 to @ORGANIZATION2's. I had never been there it was exciting and a new food experience for me. My dad had promised me that he would take me because it was my @NUM1 birthday and he wasn't there for my @NUM2 birthday. But he forgot so my dads girlfriend called the restaurant and told the manager that it was my birthday and to give me anything that i wanted and just to charge it on her credit card. This is where mine and @PERSON2's adventure started..  The beging of our adventure. Driving on the old back roads of @CAPS1 in the old @ORGANIZATION1 on our way to @LOCATION1. Just @PERSON2 and I, the roads were damp with the mid-afternoon dew, the trees with their beautiful leaves of all different color's of red's, green's, and orange. Bouncing around from the dips in the old road. @NUM3 bumpin on the stereo, only singing the parts we know. When we got to @CAPS2 we got lost because we took the wrong exit and ended up in @LOCATION2 the other side of where we were supposed to be. Being lost in a way bigger city than @PERSON1 or @CAPS1 wasn't good, We had no clue where we were.  First place we go to was a strip mall that had a big party store. we go inside and theirs @CAPS4 decorations as far as the eye could see. Monster's, whitche's, and goblin's. We got side tracked by all the scary things I realized that I had to go to the bathroom. While I went to the bathroom @PERSON2 asked one of the store clerks where we could find this @CAPS5. The guy tells us hes never heard of a place like that. So we got back into the @ORGANIZATION1, there was a lady getting out of her car so we asked her. She said yeah its just down a couple of streets. As we drive down the highway we couldn't find it anywhere. Somehow we are lost all over again so we find another covenant store up this really big hill. we didn't think that the little @ORGANIZATION1 could make it up such a big hill. We made it to the top, went inside and had the clerk look up on his phone were we needed to go. As we waited all I could think about was how bad my feet were hurting in those shoes. We got the address and took off again for our search.   About twenty minutes later we still had no luck at finding this restaurant and to top it off we had a reservation so we couldn't be late. We find another covenant store and @PERSON2 ran in to ask. The clerk told us to get back on the highway I was like no no stay on this road. We followed the empty road and right around the corner there it was @CAPS5. We were happy to have found it finally and we weren't even late. All @PERSON2 and I could do was laugh because we had gotten so frustrated to find the stupid place that it was just so funny you couldn't help but not to laugh. It brought @PERSON2 and I just that much closer we had gotten through that by laughing instead of fighting. And that we our funny adventure story. 
