The @CAPS1-inspirational, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 I @CAPS5 the @CAPS6 of @CAPS7 -- @PERSON1. What is @CAPS13, exactly? Some might say, "@CAPS8, that's obvious. @CAPS13's a sound, emitted from a person when they think something is funny!" That's as good a response as any other, and certainly quite believable. But I believe laughter has a much deeper definition; a definition that can only be explained through a marginally-humorous, less-than-inspirational story about my experiences as a @CAPS9-@CAPS10-@CAPS11 basketball player.  This year, as a high school sophomore, I decided to do something I'd never done before: go out for the basketball team. I was inspired by a longing to become more involved in the school district, and to be able to exercise throughout the rain-drenched winter months in which @CAPS13 took place. Having only picked up a basketball in order to steer clear of the "sit-outs" zone in middle school @LOCATION1, my performance at early practices was comparable to that of a high school dropout determining the orbit of the planets around the sun; and at least they get a calculator. Naturally the year I decided to give basketball a shot, the coaches informed us that seven unlucky individuals would be plucked from the team with joyous abandon. Through sheer force of determination, I improved enough in our first few weeks to be deemed "better than dirt" by the coaches; narrowly avoiding losing my spot on the team. In the months ahead, I would learn that my job wouldn't be making baskets and stealing balls... As astonishing as @CAPS13 was, my ability to imagine myself playing basketball far surpassed my actual skills on the court. I soon found that my place on the team wouldn't be aggressively running up and down the court fighting for control of an orange ball; I would be on the sidelines, cheeks firmly planted on the bench upon which my teammates would take breathers before going back into the action.  Our team could play basketball, but not often on the same level as the teams we faced. As each game came and went, I could see the fighting spirit fizzling out of my peers' eyes; their morale was simply dropping, and no amount of my ball-playing abilities could change that.  @CAPS13 was one game in particular twhen I discovered I didn't have to play in order to help my team. @CAPS13 was a home game, in our lower gym; we were down by about @NUM1 points against a team we had fared @CAPS8 against previously. Needless to say, players were becoming very frustrated. One of our star players, @PERSON2, was becoming so frustrated that our coaches decided to pull him out for a breather. He was raging, spitting profanities. He dropped himself on the bench with the elegance of an enraged walrus. His mom came down from the stands to give him water, which only made him embarrassed him more. Sitting beside @PERSON2, I could feel the anger radiating off of him. He was ranting under his breath over number @NUM2, the opposing team's point guard. I noticed that while @NUM2's fast legs and swift hands made him a great ball-player, his voice -- a good octave above his teammates' -- was much more @CAPS8 suited for covering @ORGANIZATION1 songs than calling out plays. I turned towards @PERSON2, tapping him on the shoulder, and informed him of my insight. He looked at me for a moment, a mixture of anguish and "don't-talk-to-me-or-I-will-murder-@CAPS12" on his face before bursting out laughing. Clapping me on the back, he said with a smile: "@CAPS12 always know @CAPS4 to make us laugh, @PERSON1". Suddenly @CAPS13 dawned on me that my banter and dripping sarcasm was quite often the one thing keeping smiles on my teammates' faces. I was able to use @CAPS7 to diffuse tense situations, and allow emotions to flow freely in a more positive manner. We lost the game. In fact, we lost all but one game the entire season; and so I made @CAPS13 my personal duty to keep the entire team in good spirits even in the worst of times. As the weeks went by, I started to feel more and more an integral part of the team; making teammates laugh kept their minds clear of anger and frustration, and allowed them to play to the best of their abilities.  And so @CAPS13 was. Some players had quick hands, others had a flawless shot. Me? I made people laugh. I gave my peers, my friends, the ability to see light in even the most dire of situations. I didn't receive an award, a recognition of athletic ability. Instead I found the satisfaction of making people smile, of watching the enraged despair on their faces disappear -- replaced with optimism and hope. Laughter is what pushed my teammates past anger, to be the best they could be. So, @CAPS12 tell me: Is laughter simply noise that a person makes when something is funny, or is @CAPS13 something more?  Spoiler alert: @CAPS13's much, much more.
