 Boy says too @CAPS2:@CAPS1 weigh?, @CAPS2: what? Boy:@CAPS3 i just wanted too say something to break the ice!Laughter is the greatest thing too have in any kind of relationship, such as family, friends, and a romantic type relationship. It bring each other great bondage and makes the relationship playful.It was @DATE1 and i was on my way too pick up a long time no see friend too go to a warped tour concert. We haven't been in the greatest terms because of an issue that was upon us a few months ago. I figure to take my friend @CAPS4 to a concert shes been wanting to go too all year long. When we finally picked her up there was all sorts of tension of unleft said words to each other, but i wasn't gonna wait any longer too see what was about too happen.Before we headed too the concert my parents decided too get a car wash, @CAPS5 then i automatically thought of a few funny things i could do to make her laugh. The car moved as slow as a turtle into the car wash machine. I had left the window crack open to were enough water would crawl in. We were kinda talking about the concert and i had looked very unaware that my window was open, i actually had too no idea that a lot more of water then i expect had came in. She looked across at me and was like laughing so hard see couldn't even speck of what was happening. I looked at her and was like what? She was your windows open and i had turned and came too find water was rushing its way down and sorta frightened me and i jumped into the air and rushed too close the window. She was laughing like there was no tomorrow and so was i. From that moment on it was such an ice breaker for all the tension that was happening. the elephant had left or side and we had a great rest of the day. See, it true"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people". When laughter is happening no one is truly sad, mad or anything else. Laughter can bring too people who just meet good greetings, too couples closer together, friend and family joy and happiness. Laughter is truly the key to happiness. 
