Laughter can be used for many things. One of which can be the important part of a relationship. There are many key parts in a relationship. But, the most important one is definitely the part of "laughter being the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS1 laughter can cure the emotion of being sad. @CAPS1 it doesn't cure it.   If laughter is the shortest distance between two people then if a guy or girl meets someone they like. For instance, I have went up to a girl before and couldn't figure out anything to do or say. So, I just tried my best to make her laugh. It @MONTH1 have taken a few days of trying really hard to do so. But, in the the end, i was more comfortable asking her out and feeling more comfortable around her and her friends. @CAPS3 I can make her laugh I always feel better about myself because it is never a good thing to see her in a bad mood. Now on some occasions I have made people laugh and it not mean anything. But, @CAPS3 I make my girl laugh then it was totally worth it. Because I can cheer her up from being any kind of sad or angry to making her happy and full of laughter. It @CAPS1 helps with being depressed too. Her being depressed is kinda like a train wrecking off its tracks. It never turns out good. But @CAPS3 she is happy, she can be full of joy, all giddy, and @CAPS1 very spontaneous.  I know @CAPS1 being alone and laughing is good. But you can @CAPS1 get called crazy if you are laughing at nothing at all. The best way to know someone is possibly feeling better is laughter. If they laugh then they can't be mad, sad, or any kind of emotion besides happy, or maybe sarcasm. But sarcasm can be blown off like it is nothing. If I ever try sarcasm to make people laugh I always end up offending them. So I always just be myself around everyone I come around.  So if you ever hear that laughter is the shortest distance between two people. You should know that it is true. Because not only do you get to a lot more place and get to know someone more. But, you can also learn valuable things about life through being closer to more people. @CAPS3 you hear that phrase, ask yourself, "@CAPS2 I capable of making someone laugh? @CAPS2 I able to pull off laughter and actually be close to someone?" @CAPS3 you do that, you'll know that laughter truly is the shortest distance between two people.
