 Have you ever been laughing at something that someone said, and then began laughing harder at, not the joke, but at a person whose laugh was almost more humorous than the joke itself? Then were you put into a good mood after the funny laughing occurred, when just before that you could have been in the world's worst mood? Laughter is the cure for almost anything from being in a bad mood to crying because you're sad. It can also help make the mood in the room brighter or simply it makes any awkward moment disappear. One bright @DATE1 day, @PERSON1 called me and asked if I wanted to long board down to @PERSON2's and get some lunch with her. Of course I wanted to because I'm always up for my typical @PERSON2's order of a chocolate malt milkshake and some croutons and ranch. I jogged to her house down the block and we long boarded down to @PERSON2's in downtown @CAPS1. On the way to @PERSON2's I shared with @PERSON1 how I had not had a good day so far and how I needed to be cheered up. She was feeling the same way. When we arrived at @ORGANIZATION1's we were both excited to get seated so we could catch up with each others lives and eat. When we walked inside we noticed how crowded it seemed to be that day as we waited for a table. After getting seated we noticed an older couple sitting in the booth behind us, some kids from our school in the booth front of us, and a man and women across the aisle. @PERSON1 ordered a strawberry milkshake and a burger with fries, and I ordered my usual. After the lady took our order and left, @PERSON1 and I started telling each other the reasons for our bad moods. She was in a bad mood because her friend @PERSON3 was not treating her right. I was in a bad mood because my friend @CAPS2 was mad at me for something that never happened.  We were both quite upset and frankly we were in no laughing mood. When all of a sudden we heard what sounded like a mixture of a goose's honking and a donkey's braying. We turned around to find it was a lady's laughter. I looked at @LOCATION1 and she looked at me and we started busting up laughing. This went on for about @NUM1 minutes straight. We both could not believe a sound like that could come out of any human being's mouth and it was probably the loudest laugh I've ever heard. We also loved the fact that all of this is happening at a public place with all these people around, and the lady was just setting herself up for being made fun of. @PERSON1 and I continued to laugh at the lady for how she was laughing and it somehow started to relieve our bad moods. @PERSON1 started smiling a little more and as for me, I couldn't stop smiling and laughing.   Laughter has an unusual way of putting people in a good mood or relieving them of their bad moods. Regardless if the laugh is a normal little chuckle or an unnatural sound coming out of someone's mouth, laughter brings people together and it's great way to turn a awkward moment into a memorable moment. Someone once said, "laughter is the shortest distance between two people," and that person knew what they were talking about.
