Ever since I was born laughter has been a big part of my life without it I would be a very boring and grumpy person. Even tough I have experienced many moments full of laughter one specific moment always comes to mind. About a year ago my mom and I went on a trip down to @LOCATION1 to visit her family. It was the first time we had been there in over twelve years because my mom and I could not go visit them do to immigration problems. After all toughs years had past by my mom and I managed to get our legal residency in the united states. As soon as we got the residency we were free and could go visit her family without having to come back illegally. When my mom and I got to the airport in @LOCATION1 my mom started crying because she was full of emotions, for the first time in twelve years she was going to see her mom, dad, brothers, and sisters. As soon as we had gone trough all the airport security and baggage claim we made our way out to the exit where my grandpa had agreed to pick us up. When we got outside the airport a small little red @ORGANIZATION1 started getting closer and closer driving towards my mom and I. The car was no further then forty feet away when my mom suddenly dropped her luggage and started running toward the small red car I had no idea who the elderly person driving the car was. When the car parked an aged man stepped out of the vehicle and gave my mom one of the longest and most emotional hugs I had ever experienced in my entire life they must of been hugging for at least fifteen minutes just crying on each-others shoulders. When they had finished hugging my mom calls out my name and I start walking toward her. When I was face to face with my mom and the older man my mom tells me that the man was my grandfather then she looks at her dad and tells him to meet his grandson. For the first time in a very long time I had a grandfather I stood in shock for a while and so did he. He was amazed of how big and how much I had changed in toughs long twelve years that he had gone without seeing me or having contact with me. When I reached out to hug him he griped me hard and didn't let go he told me that this day had been the happiest day of his life.  Me and my grandpa started loading the luggage into his car so we could head home to meet the rest of my family. When we got done loading everything into the car we headed home. The long ride home was a bit weird and uncomfortable because there wasn't much talk in the car. It was about a fifty minute ride home when we reached our destination in a small little town out of the @LOCATION1 called texcoco. It was a nice little clean town with a lot of small stores and lots of two story middle class houses the streets full of cars and people walking or on bicycles very different to what I was used to back in the united states. When we got to our house there was a group of about twenty people that were family and friends outside the gate waiting for us. When we were done seedling in and got done meeting all our relatives we got together and had a family dinner. One of my uncles really stood out because he was really funny and always was acting like a clown he was the one that set the mood in the house or wherever he went. As days past by I was getting more and more comfortable with the people around me and started having fun. About two weeks past and my uncle @CAPS1 invited me to one of his stand up comedy shows. that day I experienced more laughter then ever before his jokes where original and true.In cunclusion laughter is one of the elements to life without I could not be happy.
