Laughter. Some might think of it as just a simple reaction to something funny, but in reality laughter can be many things such as a way to cope with situations, a way to express yourself, or just a simple way to enjoy yourself when you are around friends. For me the meaning of laughing has changed a lot during my lifetime, when I was younger I used to laugh to enjoy myself or just to have fun with peers, but as I have grown older I have used laughter to cope with situations. On @DATE1 the morning of my @NUM1 birthday I found out some disturbing and disappointing news, that day I found out that my mom had passed away. When I first found out I didn't know what to do the only thing that I felt I could do was cry and grief about it and shut down into a depressed stage, many of my friends tried to help me and tried to tell me that "things were going to be okay". I knew they were right, but the only thing I could think was even if things turn out okay things will never be the same. At this time I thought to myself what will @CAPS1 be like? what am I going to do on mothers day?, and my biggest question of all how was I supposed to celebrate my own birthday?. It's hard knowing that someone that I love and had been with for @NUM2 years of my life is gone, but since my mom has passed away I have tried to stay focused on the positives and what she would have wanted for me like graduating high school, becoming successful, and not letting my life spiral down hill. Even though everyday for me is hard I still try to push through it and just remember that my mom wouldn't want me to give up on my life over her passing. You might ask yourself how I am coping with this loss, and the answer to that is that I have learned to cope with my situation with laughter. Growing up my mom always told me that "laughter is the best medicine". And after losing her I realized that that statement was true.Now whenever I get upset or sad I remind myself to think about the memories that I have had with my mom and laugh about the good experiences and times we had , and I sometimes even find myself laughing at some of the arguments we had. Laughing has been helping me cope fairly well in the past four months since my mom has passed away, and I hope it continues to help in the future, but I continuously think that "sure I can laugh about things now, but what about in ten years?" I guess the future is just going to remain a mystery for that, but one thing I do know about my future is that I will become successful, and even if laughter doesn't always work for me I will stay strong and be sure to live my life the way I would if I still had my mom, it will be hard doing it without the guidance and authority of having my mother there, but fortunately I am not dealing with any of this alone.One person that has been there through the whole situation has been my aunt, she has been in my life since day one, my mom and I even lived with her. I am grateful that my aunt has been there for me during my life, if she wasn't I don't know where I would be right now, she has taught me that I can't isolate myself or stop being a teenager just because I don't have my mom, but to live life to the fullest and live the life my mom would have wanted to see me live, she also tells me that laughing at bad situations is okay and to not keep things bottled up and I am very happy I have someone to go through this with.Having someone there for me in such a tough situation is very reassuring to me. Knowing that I have someone to go to and just talk about the past and be able to have someone to laugh with about it. Laughing is hard when you do it by yourself but one thing that I have noticed is that when you have friends and family that are going through the same situation as you it is easier to share your feelings and I think it also makes it easier to laugh when you have people that you are close to and people that care about you around. In some situations laughter might not be the best thing to do, but the best advice I can give to someone who might happen to be going through a similar situation is to not stop living your life and be something great and try to release some of the stress of a situation by laughing with friends.
