 Laughter, everyone from babies to old people do it. Laughter is an element that helps in life. They say that "laughter is the best medicine" it truly is. Laughing lets people know that you have a good sense of humor and that you like to have fun and let loose. In any friendship, relationship, job or sport you need to laugh every once in a while. You can't always be serious. Being serious @NUM1 as they say is not good, it makes people seem like they don't know how to enjoy life or they have no sense of humor.  In the @DATE1 I had a rough volleyball season. A lot of my teammates had problems with me, because I was chosen as captain along side my friend @PERSON1. We weren't the most well liked, but we were liked by some. It was hard for @PERSON1 and I to prove that we were right for the position of captains and that we could lead the team. A few of my teammates at the time quit because they did not want to deal with @PERSON1 and I being captains, but as they quit we moved people from junior varsity up to varsity. The new varsity members had it rough, they struggled a bit trying to get the hang, but they did it they managed to get the hang of how varsity plays and practices. Soon after our mishap of having to replace seven out of fourteen players we had our first game. The game was one of the toughest we had the whole season. In our first set of the we didn't exactly have our minds in it for the first of what would be come a five set, game. We battled back and forth a few points in the first set, but we ended up losing that first set. We went into the second set not knowing what we were going to do whether to give up or half-@CAPS1 it was tough, I as one of the captains said "@CAPS1, we won't get anywhere unless we @CAPS1." then @PERSON1 says "I agree, lets @CAPS1 our best and not let them get an easy win." We did exactly that we tried and we won that second set. It was the third set and we had started to get tired and feel aggravated, so we pushed forward we won the third set. One more set and we would win it. We went on the court and the ball was served we let the ball hit the ground point one to the other team. After that first point it went down hill we let them get the best of us and they won the set. It had come down to the fifth and final set were we would either win or lose. We got on the court knowing that we might lose and started. The first point went to us we went back and forth a ton in the final set. It was a tough battle, but we had done it we won. Later in the season we met the team again and it was a hands down battle we had lost the second time we met them it was not easy at all they didn't allow any room for errors on their behalf, but us we let it all slip. It was time for the state playoffs we had made it to the state finals. The team we were playing was the team we had faced twice before and we were one and one. The line-up was called, national anthem sang, and the coin was flipped, we would receive the serve. The game was in full swing, we were doing great we won the first set by four a tough first game. We went into set two, we lost control. We didn't do what we were suppose to do. We lost the second set it was and confidence hitter. We were down we didn't know what to expect in set three, and as captains the team seeing @PERSON1 and I should have not let ourselves be down. We looked at each other with that look I knew and we just busted out laughing we couldn't stop the team wondered what was wrong. So we explained that in order to win we had to laugh we @MONTH1 feel down, but you have to laugh and the team did we went into the third set confident as ever and we won we didn't stop there we went into the fourth set and won. We had done what we set out to do win! In the end laughing was what we needed to do we had come this far that we could either give up or push and succeed. We looked at the two previous games that we had met the other team before and laughed. We made that our team motto "laugh until you cry, and cry until you laugh" the season was great looking back on it we were state champs. Now in @DATE2 season we are hoping to repeat state champs.
