 For a year and two months I'd devoted my life to horses, school, and @CAPS1. We started off as friends in @CAPS2 grade, and it escalated to a relationship in @LOCATION1 grade. We ended up breaking up later on that year, but we continued to remain 'friends'. Obviously I still cared for @CAPS1, but I didn't believe he'd felt the same. But apparently I was wrong, we began a new relationship on @DATE1 at @NUM1 pm.    It was the perfect start to our 'perfect relationship'. He and I were inseperable from the get go, we literally did everything together. I was @PERCENT1 irrevocably in love with @CAPS1. Between the two of us, we shared some crazy memories and inside jokes. I could probably write a best selling novel of all the memories we had, and I honestly believed that @CAPS1 and I were going to be together forever. I thought everythign was going fine, till he had to lay it out, he liked someone else.   At that point, I had no idea where our relationship (or I) stood. I didn't want to know. I couldnt keep putting my heart in the open if it was going to get stomped on, but I loved @CAPS1 and was willing to do anything to make it work. I stayed the night with @CAPS1, and we talked till @NUM2. He and I decided to attempt to make it work, but there was no guarantee it was going to.     The next day, everything seemed fine. I was still extremely irritated that he liked another girl, but I was using all my power to make the best of what we had. We decidded to take his dog, @CAPS3, on a walk. We held hands as we walked, but it was too quiet. Why? He was texting @CAPS4. By that time, I decided that was the final straw. It felt like I was getting in the way, so I felt that the only choice I had left was to leave @CAPS1.  I walked in the door an hour later absolutely devistated. I cried till I felt I couldn't cry anymore, and then I would cry more. At the time, I truly felt that the world was ending right before me. My life was over. My days became long and depressing, and I felt that all I could do was give up. My heart shattered everytime I saw @CAPS1, and it made it even worse when people constantly asked about what had happened. I couldn't tell them, it wasn't a moment I would want to relive. I couldn't stop thinking about @CAPS1, and about all the memories we'd shared. That year and two months has been the greatest period of my life.   Almost everytime I thought about @CAPS1 I would cry. I couldn't stand the thought of not having @CAPS1, and thinking about @CAPS1 all the time made me into a walking zombie. I couldn't eat, I couldn't drink, and I would vomit because of the stress. But as I sat there in alone thinking of the memories, a miracle happened: I laughed. I was shocked, but it made me realize that I needed to keep living. I don't regret any of the time I spent with @CAPS1, he changed my life. He taught me so much about loving someone. I knew from that small laugh, that things were going to get better. A spark of hope, I would be happy again. 
