 Folded In @DATE1 it was right around @DATE2, two of my friends and I were out riding quads laughing and having a great old time. They were teaching me how to do a wheelie on a quad. Soon after they started teaching me i figured out that what I had to do was hit all of my weight on the back end of the quad and f lore the gas so I could pop the front end up and I was just doing it fairly well from there on out. Well, when we were about ready to to go back up to the house one of my friends thought it would be super cool if we got a picture of one of us up on the front of the quad while the person driving pops a wheelie. To do this one of us sat on the front of the quad, one of us sat on the back of the quad and, one of us was driving. first thing we do when were all situated in the quad is that the driver pulls back a f lore's the quad (the driver doesn't need to slam down on the back of the quad because there is the extra weight from the person on the back)Which in turn pops the front end up. Then the person on the back jumps off and snaps a picture on their phone and then the person driving is supposed to brake and set the quad down. Lucky me I was the one that decided to sit on the front of the quad while my friend does a wheelie. While he was popping the wheelie either he pulled back to far and hard or he flored it for too long. So I was sitting on the front and it stayed up in the air for about five seconds and then the scary thing happened. The quad started leaning back so my friend jumped off and tried to hold it so I had some time to jump off but, I panicked and froze to the bar i was holding on to. Then the whole quad came down on me because my friend couldn't hold me up any longer. It slammed me into the ground, all @NUM1 lbs. of it, it caused my shins to hit me in the face( I have a hard time bending my head to my knees let alone my shins)and it super hyper-extended my back so much that I was lucky I didn't break it. When it hit me into the ground it felt like my legs sprung the quad off of myself but, it was really just my friend pushing it off. After the pushed the quad off of me I was laying there for like @NUM2 minutes laughing in pain for some reason that I can't remember.  After I was done screaming, yelling, and laughing in pain I got up and they drove me back up to the house. When we got back up there they handed me an ice pack and told me to go sit on the couch, I couldn't bend my back so I could sit down so I had to turn my back to the couch and basically fall onto the couch. While I was sitting there my back started to hurt excruciatingly bad so i thought if I lay flat on the floor it wouldn't hurt as bad and just like I thought it did. So I slept on the floor until morning because that was the only way I could get comfortable. The next day I woke up in really bad pain, it took me like two minutes to get off the floor it hurt so bad. shortly after I woke up I called my parents and had them come and pick me up from the house, I just barely got into the truck and my dad and I drove back to my house and i told my parents the whole story and my mom freaked out and thought I hurt myself extremely bad so she took me to the doctors office and he looked me over and told me I would just have to wait for my back to heal it's self and then i went home.    
