                                       @LOCATION2 @LOCATION2 @CAPS1 wants to travel, and while traveling is fun, it is more exciting to go with people you love, but sometimes you go somewhere with people you @MONTH1 not know very well. Every two years or so, the choir at my @ORGANIZATION1 has an opportunity to go on a trip together. During these trips, the students are able to work with college professors, eat tons of junk food, get away from their parents, and just have a great time together. It's a experience that every @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 dreams of. At the beginning of my @CAPS3 year of @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, my choir director announced that we would have the opportunity to go to @LOCATION2. I was ecstatic to be going, but I'm an extremely introverted person and I knew that I didn't really have any friends in the choir. I also can't walk, and was scared I would be left behind in a store because I couldn't open the doors or they would go across a street corner that didn't have a @CAPS5 dip down into the street, and thousands of other things that were racing through my mind. I was so terrified that that I would be separated from @PERSON3, my one friend who was in choir, that I almost didn't go. I'm not really sure how, but my mother convinced me that everything would be alright, and I had nothing to fear. Once we arrived in @LOCATION2, we split up into groups to see who wanted to go to explore the @PERSON7 and who wanted to go up @ORGANIZATION2 street, one of the windiest roads in the world. My worst nightmare came true, I was separated from @LOCATION3. I tried to tell myself that nothing would go wrong and that the chaperons wouldn't leave me behind, but in the back of my mind I just kept coming to the same conclusion: I would be alone with a bunch of strangers in a city I knew nothing about. Somehow, I got on the bus that was slowly taking me away from @LOCATION3. One of the other girls, @PERSON4, came to sit by me, and attempted to start a conversation. That was one of the longest bus rides of my life. When we arrived at the bottom of @ORGANIZATION2 street we split yet again, one group was going to walk to the top of the steep hill and the other was going to ride in one of the old trolleys up to the top then walk down where the hill wasn't as steep. I was forced to go on the trolley because the hill was so steep part of the sidewalk contained steps, and since I can't walk, the only alternative was the trolly. Several of the other kids went with us and once again @PERSON4 was in my group. A couple hours later, after getting lost and turning on several wrong streets, we found the trolley station and bought our tickets. Luckily, I managed to avoid conversing with @PERSON4 this whole time, so the ride up the hill was enjoyable. Some of the local people smiled at us because we were so excited to be riding on the trolley. We saw houses, stores, and @LOCATION1 on our ride.  There were six people in our group at the time, two chaperons and four kids. Once we reached the top of the hill, two of the kids, @PERSON6 and @PERSON5, decided they really had to go to the bathroom, so one of the chaperons, @PERSON6, and @PERSON5 raced back down the hill to find a public restroom. This left me, alone, with @PERSON4 and @PERSON1, who was the remaining chaperon. We walked leasiurly down the hill, @PERSON2 and @PERSON4 doing most of the talking. Every so often they would ask me a question and I would answer in as few words as possible, and that's what was going on when we walked past a group of men, arguing, in front of a store and one of them yelled, "@CAPS4, @CAPS5 @CAPS6! Whatcha doing? You goin' to your @CAPS7's house?" We didn't really know who he was talking to, or what he was talking about, so we just kept walking, but as we reached the end of the block @PERSON4 and I simultaneously broke into laughter. The man was talking about me. The rest of the way down the hill we started coming up with different weird responses that I should have said to the man, each one being more hilarious than the last one, and as conversations go, we eventually got on different topics, which made me realize that @PERSON4 and I really did have many similar traits. We both loved musicals, we both enjoy reading, and we both have annoying, younger brothers. Ever since that day, @PERSON4 and I have been fairly good friends, all because we took a moment to laughed together.
