                                         "@CAPS1 to @CAPS2" @CAPS3 you ever seen the little signs that say, "@CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS2"? People often @CAPS3 them in their homes as a reminder on how one should @CAPS4 their life. Well, I believe that laughing is one of the most important elements you need, in order to @CAPS4 your life to the fullest. Laughter keeps the soul young, the heart happy, and the spirit joyful. Without laughter, one @MONTH1 feel that they @CAPS3 an emptiness inside that they are unable to fill. Laughter has played a huge role in my life and has created some of the best memories. If luaghter was not a part of me, my life would be like a house without furniture; empty, boring, and over all, pointless. Some memories will never leave my mind, and looking back, I still @CAPS2 my brains out. My favorite, and most hilarious memory that I can think of, occurred about two years ago at my grandparents house. My family and I were staying with my grandparents for the weekend up at their house in @CAPS7, which I absolutely loved because there was so much to do there! They had go-carts, golf carts, acreage, and a gigantic swimming pool! What more could someone want? The weather was always nice and warm as well, so I had no complaints. It was a beautiful evening, my brother, his best friend, and I decided to take the golf carts out for a spin. My brother was in his own golf cart zooming by, and I was in one with his friend @PERSON1. Now, @ORGANIZATION1 must @CAPS3 seen something in the road because he told me to stop, then he hopped out. As he curiously made his way to the front of the golf cart, I pressed gently on the gas inching forward in a sort of fast manner just to scare him a little. As I did that, he frantically jumped on the hood like a cat that had just been frightened. I then decided to slam on the brakes, and when that happened, @PERSON1 launched off like a rocket, but then tried to hop back on the hood. I guess you could say we developed a game. I would go a few inches or so, then slam on the brakes! At that point I was practically crying from laughing so hard. That is until something very unexpected happened...I drove fast, and then stopped very quickly, but as i did so, this time @PERSON1 tripped! I didn't notice because I was carelessly driving like a maniac, but soon enough the golf cart was on top of him! All I remember hearing was a @CAPS8 @CAPS9! and then a loud shrilll. He was laying face first, cart on his back, and I had no idea what to do! My heart quickly sped up, and a gust of fear came over me. I looked to my right to find my brother rolling around on his back laughing like a hyena! I was still sitting in the golf cart, still unable to move in my state of shock. My brother finally got up and @PERSON1 was yelling, "@CAPS10't move @CAPS11!" @CAPS12 I had to do something! My brother was trying to tell me that we should lift the heavy cart from his back but in my head, I knew that both of us together wouldn't @CAPS3 been able to do that. Taking matters into my own hands, I shifted into reverse very carefully and slowly. Biting down on my lower lip, closing my eyes tightly, I pounded the gas to the ground, flying backwards off of his helpless body. Luckily no damage was done, and @ORGANIZATION1 was perfectly fine. A gigantic weight was lifted from my back and I was able to breathe again. Looking back, I am able to @CAPS2 and joke about that wonderful day that went so wonderfully wrong, though I am very thankful that nothing extremely harmful happened to the poor guy I dreadfully ran over that day. I can tell you one thing, as the day carried on, we had a blast. Carelessly being the great teenagers we are, and without a worry in the world; we laughed, swam, drove the golf carts, and enjoyed the wind swooping our hair up, then down, then all around. I take back two things from this crazy day. One, make smart decisions, and be prepared for the consequences that you @MONTH1 be faced with, and two, enjoy your life. @CAPS2 like there's no tomorrow. Be careless yet careful, and enjoy every second of it! I've learned that when faced with a tough decision; for example...do I roll off of my brothersfriend? or do I continue to sit here and listen to him yell? In that case I took a big leap of faith, and went with my gut instinct. Which I believe was most definitley the right decision. Go with your gut instinct in life, and @CAPS1 to @CAPS2.
