 Entering into the classroom, I began to shiver from anxiety. I was the new student in the fourth grade, transferring from a public grade school to a @CAPS1 school kept my head swimming with questions, which I put aside as I stepped into the room with a large white "@NUM1" on the exterior wall. I swear, I could feel my bones literally shaking because of my nerves. Surprisingly, no one approached me as I came in. I noticed that they were all surrounding this @CAPS4-go-lucky brunette. No one really even took note that I was there until the teacher looked up. After introducing myself to her and the class, I looked back at that brunette who was previously surrounded by the group of my to-be peers. She smiled at me as I stood there, with my feet uncontrollably glued to the ground, looking blankly at her for a few seconds. When someone told me this girl was the other new student in their class, I understood why everyone was staring at her. I soon became green with envy over her because of all the attention she got. I was unintentionally a fairly jealous child, and when I noticed that everyone wanted to be her friend and I got somewhat ignored, I stomach slowly twisted in knots more and more each day as I began to form feelings of suspicion and dislike towards this girl. Even her name sounded suspicious to me. @PERSON1. I had never in my life heard of anyone named @PERSON1 before. Luckily, I sat on the opposite side of the classroom as her. And even as a month passed, I still felt uncomfortable being near her, so I stubbornly avoided her. My birthday soon began to creep up after the first month at @LOCATION1. I was beginning to find out which people I wanted to be friends with, and which people to avoid. Unfortunately, even the people I had gradually grown weary of, had to be invited to my birthday party because it was a class party and I didn't want anyone to be left out and since the class only had thirty people in it, I could only deduce that word about the party would spread around and people would begin to talk. I knew that I hadn't built up enough of a reputation for people to know who I really was or what my personality was actually like. As, I was putting an invitation in everyone's beige, square cubby, I hesitated when I came across "#@NUM2". This was her number. The number of that girl with the bizarre name that I had an undeserved, grudge-like suspicion of. I cursed myself violently after I put that birthday party invitation into her cubby. When the day for the party finally rolled around, I had everything set up just how I imagined. I even had the perfect @CAPS2 @CAPS3 cake picked out for myself. The guests began to arrive knocking at the glass door, temporarily staining it little grimy knuckle prints. @PERSON1 came alone. As I opened the door, she timidly and immediately shoved a gift at me and shyly muttered under her breath "@CAPS4 birthday @CAPS5". I welcomed her traditionally, as I did with everyone else and showed her to the backyard. The party continued to go in several directions until my mom gathered everyone around, so I could blow out the candles. @PERSON1 stepped up next to me. With a confused expression on my face, my mom leaned down to whisper that @PERSON1 had the same birthday as me and she would blow out the candles with me. I couldn't believe it. The person who I had selfishly pretended to not exist, was the person who I had to share my cake with. After blowing out the candles, everyone left because the party ended and I silently pouted for having to share my birthday with another person. After the party, I walked into the house, only to find @PERSON1 sitting on my steps. Her mom apparently couldn't pick her up for another hour. I came over to her and casually started making small talk with her. A few minutes later, my brother ran in with a huge glob of frosting in his hand. He yelled @CAPS4 birthday to me and threw it at my face. I was shocked and didn't know what to do. He ran downstairs to his room as I continued to stand there with my mouth gaping. Then, I heard someone laughing behind me. I turned around to see @PERSON1 giggling. And without warning I started laughing too. And neither one of us could stop. It was at that moment when I realized I was wrong about her. We spent the rest of the hour playing and laughing, and by the time her mom came, we were begging for a sleepover. Although we were unsuccessful, I had grown to understand that this girl was someone I wanted to get close to. @PERSON1, through that first laugh, became my best friend and continues to be my best and closest friend today.
