 In this essay I will be telling you about why laughter, conflict and trust is very important in an relationship. I have a very good relationship with my cousin. We will laugh, fight but always trust each other with anything. We have known and been with each other for the past @NUM1 year's of our lives.  Her name is @CAPS1. I love her more then anyone else in the world. One thing that does make us closer is that we laugh at each others mistakes. When one of us messes up the other will laugh at them and then try to help with the problem. When one of us does mess up with something we are always the first to now about what it was with or who it was with even if we do not like the other person that they are having the problems with. Conflict, I think is something else that i think is very important in a good relationship. Me and her fight all the time with each other. Even if its for the littlest and stupidest thing's. We always find one way to fight over something. If it's for the other messing up where it could or would completely mess with mine or her life. We protect each other from messing up are lives to much. We stop each other from doing really stupid things. We have strange feeling when the other is hurt or might be hurt by someone or something. Trust is something that is very important for a relationship. Trust, you can be there or tell the someone anything no matter what it is. Me and her now everything there is to now about each other. If you want to now something about me you could go to her and she could tell you. If you wanted to now something about her you could go to me and i could tell you. I could tell her anything even if she is going to be mad at me for a while if I ever really needed her to be there for me I now she would be as soon as possible. We will almost never judge the other for something they did or are going to do. We now what the other person has done and what they have not done as well. I would trust her with my life if I had to. She is my best friend, favorite cousin, @NUM2 mom, sister, and everything else to me. Me and her will always laugh at each other s mistakes. We will always have some type of conflict with each other but we will always be there to help the other one out for what ever reason it @MONTH1 be. those are the @NUM3 thing i think you need to have a good relationship with someone like i do with my cousin @CAPS1. and i still have this relationship with her and i will never be able to lose it no matter how hard i try to i now she will always be by my side.
