 Laughter is necessary to survive in this crazy and beautiful world. It is something we possess with us throughout our lifetime. As humans, we grow old and eventually die, but laughter never does. It lives on forever. Laughter is often referred to as 'the best medicine', and why shouldn't it be? It brings joy to the sad, relief to the burdened, and life to the depressed. The best part about laughing is that it is completely and unchangeably free! Never will someone have to pay to gain a drop of laughter. On the other hand, laughter is also contagious. A single smile, throw back of a head, and a gut busting laugh can cause an entire room to become ill to this glorified epidemic. Laughter is the best release. When I was younger I had a neighbor named @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON1 was an older man who spent most of his time in his carpentering shop. He never talked to the rest of us on our street nor did we attempt to strike up a conversation with him. Day in and day out I would notice his little red pick-up leave in the morning and return at night. His life seemed like more of a routine and I was curious to find out why. @PERSON1 had a wife who, as well, became a vampire to the rest of us. This was completely fine, because to us, she was a monster. Countless times soccer balls would be kicked into her yard by pure accident and she would come out of her quiet house yelling and waving her hands in our direction. She even left a note on my family's front door telling them to "take better care of your lawn". I sympathized with @PERSON1 for having to live with the woman. Something in her voice seemed off, as if she was deaf. That aspect of her life always made me feel a little bad for her. Being different could have been a possible explanation to why she treated people the way that she did.  I will never forget the day the ambulance pulled up in front of their perfectly serene house. I sat on my front porch silently watching the medics go inside the house. Not long after, I heard the little red pick-up coming up the road. I knew, as far as everyone else on @ORGANIZATION1, that this was not part of the routine. After about @NUM1 minutes, a body was carried out on a stretcher. My heart sank. Even though I was young, I knew the significance of a hovering white sheet over a being. @PERSON1 was very secluded after his wife passed away. Nobody could blame him for that. He lost the love of his life; he lost his routine. My family discussed and decided to bring him meals. The food was never anything particularly fancy, just something that would keep him going. I've never seen anyone so appreciative. Still, we knew to stay off of his lawn. His wife loved it and he must have felt like she was still attached to it somehow. He was lonely and my family wanted to be there for him. Soon after we brought over meals, my younger sister and I started walking his small, white, fluffy dog and invited him over for dinner as often as our mom would let us. He became more like a grandfather than a neighbor. One day, my friends and I were outside playing soccer on our small street. It was sunny and warm outside. Life was good. I could feel the vivacity of youth pulsing through my veins as I ran around. As of on its own, the ball rolled into @ORGANIZATION2's yard. We all hesitated when we saw his door open. He looked pestered and quite upset as he slowly bent down to pick up our ball. I winced, knowing I'd hear about this later from my parents. Then the unexpected happened, @PERSON1 started laughing. The kind of laugh where a person might be considered crazy for being that happy. The kind of laugh where tears run down a person's face. Not knowing what to do, my friends and I started giggling to ourselves. @PERSON1 threw us the ball and went back inside. His laugh was a clear signal, @ORGANIZATION2's grieving and unhappy soul had been relieved.  From then on, laughter has meant a great deal to me. Laughing can direct you straight to a person's soul. It can be the connection between people. Without laughter, life can seem dull. Once it is brought into your life, it has the powers to heal and restart. That is exactly what it did for @ORGANIZATION2. Through laughter, he got his life back.
