 Laughter, one of the most joyous things there is to experience in this world. Everyone can relate to it and there's no one out there who would say that they don't enjoy laughing. It's human nature to want and to need to be connected to other people; we are social beings, and laughter is the best way to connect to other people. There is no negativity in laughing, unless that is if you are laughing at a rude comment, and in general, if people are laughing, they would say they're having a good time. People build relationships around experiences that they have with other people, for example dating. On a first date, it's to be expected, and an important factor, for the two people to be having fun and laughing. Other wise, when they separate from each other and are only left with their thoughts, their impression could make or break the relationship. That's why a first impression is so important. When the two people are reminiscing about the date that they just had, if they remember smiling and laughing, then they will most likely have a positive memory of their experience and want to hang out again. Think about any experience you have ever had with another person. If you remember the first time you met them, and how you felt afterward, the way you felt then, could tell you a lot about how the relationship went. Meeting new people, it's difficult, but you ask anyone about how to start a conversation with someone new, and they will usually tell you, "make them laugh". It's a universal term, anyone can do it. This past month, basketball season has started and I am playing on a whole different team then I did last year. Only half the girls on my team last year are still here, and I have had to make a connection with girls who are younger then me, and who I haven't yet gotten to know. I start to think about all the new girls, and who I have already made connections with and how I'm now good friends with most of them because of laughter. Everyday we get closer and closer because we find ways to laugh with each other out on the court. No matter how difficult the practice @MONTH1 get, you can never become to exhausted when someone is making you laugh. Laughter is needed in life to make it more livable. Think about it. If you could never laugh again, what would be fun about life? Image life if it were like detention all the time, never being able to just let loose, relax and have a good time. No one would want that. People would go insane, laughter calms people down and mellows them out. It helps create people's personalities and can affect others as well. Laughter is like a ripple in the water, it starts as just one single person, then expands out touching anyone near it. Laughing is contagious, like a @CAPS1 in mid @DATE1, and brings joy to you and the people you can touch.  Laughter, it's the foundation of happiness.
