                                                 Learning to laugh    @DATE1 as we were vacationing in @LOCATION2, I realized that laughter is a big part of our lives, and an important factor that can keep friends and families together. Not too long ago I also discovered that laughter can relieve you from stress, and it even helps you lose weight, which, I thought was pretty interesting. My sister on the other hand still did not quite believe that laughter could do all of that. She thought it was just being blown out of proportion. She believed that if her friends didn't want to hang around with her, then there was something wrong with them, that if we didn't have enough food in the house, it was probably my parents fault. There was always some one to blame for whatever happened to her, there was always a bad side to everything. But that @DATE1 it was going to be different she was about to find out that she didn't have to live her live that way, because there is always an alternative.     The trip to @LOCATION2 was something everyone was expecting, even me. I was actually really excited to see my cousins and the rest of the family. Everybody packed their things, we got ready to leave, got on the car and left to the air port. My aunt @CAPS1 was already waiting for us at the @LOCATION2 city airport. Everything was going great. So far... When we got there, my aunt drove all of us to our little town in the state of @LOCATION1, just about an hour and a half away from the airport. As we were getting there I noticed my sister had a strange look on her face, she seemed somehow confused, lost in her own thoughts as if she was worried about something."@CAPS2's wrong with you, are you okay? you look all weird..." I said sounding a little sarcastic and hoping to start a conversation."@CAPS3 face is all weird!"she said and that was the @DATE1 thing she said to me until we reached our destination.  As we got to our grandparents house we begun to see all our family members already waiting for us outside. The joy of seeing them there was incredible. I looked around around and i saw my sister, I was glad that she looked happy, i thought she was actually enjoying the moment. I did not know @CAPS2 was wrong with her and her sudden attitude changes until we got to the little playground my grandma has in the backyard. During my time there I met new family members, saw some old familiar faces and remembered some good and also bad memories, memories which I thought had vanished from my mind already. Turns out they were still there, all the way at the back of my head were I had tried to hide them so that they would never come up again, but somehow they managed to get out and make their way into my thoughts again, and that is when I started to feel like a monster once again. Suddenly I had a flash back to the time when we came to visit, a couple of years ago. That's when it all came to me i saw the whole scene once again I felt horrible. There she was, my little sister @PERSON1 playing in the swings, suddenly she let go of the swing and she felt right into a mud puddle that was there. Every body laughed, I laughed. I thought it was funny, but she didn't laugh, she didn't cry either, she just got up and ran inside.  I never stopped to ask her if she was okay, I didn't realize how my actions had affected her. It was all my fault, I knew she was really sensitive when it came down to some specific situations, but I did not help her, I didn't give her the comfort and support she needed from her big sister, so she never learned to laugh at herself and keep going. That would have been a nice advice to give her instead of laughing at her. Then, after a couple of minutes of reflection about it, I went up to her and apologized, she looked a little confused at first, but then she realized where i was going. This made the rest of the trip a lot more easier, now that I knew @CAPS2 was wrong, we both tried our best to fix the problem and work on her self esteem.  Laughter was the perfect therapy for her. All she needed to do was to learn how to laugh about her self when things did not go the way she wanted them. It was hard but we accomplished our goal. My sister discovered the power of laughter, and she learned to get back up from her mistakes. Life taught both of us an important lesson that @DATE1. I'm sure that was one of the most exciting trips we've ever taken and the memories from that trip will stay with us forever.
