 As we all know, water is what we most need to stay alive cause without it we'd pretty much die. Well, it's also quit similar with laughter. I once heard my night school teacher say, "@CAPS1 is @PERCENT1 attitude". I thought about it for r a moment and realized it's quit true. No one can really go throughout the hole day, without having any type of beverage and as much as someone is upset for any apparel reason, will soon end up smiling. Who knows perhaps for the silliest thing whatsoever. I've been going out with my boyfriend @LOCATION1, for about seven months already. We don't get to see each other as much as I'd like to. We try to spend the weekends together as much as we can, but there's been times when it's every other weekend. Since him and I have quit a few things in common like, our relatives, knowing each other before dating, places we go for entertainment, food, likes and dislikes. We rarely dislike of where we'll be spending our time togethe or what we're doing. Even though its been about seven months since we've been dating, it feels like we've known each other way before we became friends. Once when I was over at @LOCATION1's house celebrating @PERSON2's birthday, @ORGANIZATION1's youngest sister. We, all who where there, were celebrating her birthday with pinatas, cake, and all she wanted, witch where toys too. We where all having a good time but the kids weren't so much, it seemed as if they were running out of energy since they were playing in the trampoline for quit a couple of hours. Before the kids could even mention anything about the pinatas, we had already gotten most of what was need to set up the pinatas. As they heard the candy being pored into the pinatas they all rush to get there first before the others, could get to hit the pinata. @PERSON2 go to hit the pinata before all the others, since it was her birthday, then the little kids followed her to hit the pinata. As they went up to hit the pinata we sang songs, it wasn't the best but we all tried. We even made jokes, of pretending to imagine who the pinata was representing. As time passed, it was turn for the older kids to go up and hit the pinata. Most of us were kind of shy, but before I notice a @NUM1 year-old went up to hit the pinata. Right after she hit the pinata quit hard the others said her time was up, they were anctious to get the candy out. After her turm was over she was supose to call out on someone. I thought she would end up calling me since she keept looking towards me. I was already blushing, good thing she didnt. she ended up calling out on my boyfriend. He of course got up and grabed the stick to hit the pinata. Once he got there, the others where said to not hit it so hard or else the little ones whouldn't like him anymore. Since he is one of thoes persons who's love @CAPS3 everyone. He cheard me up to go with him. Without him saying that ii don't think I would of done it. Right there were we where, teaching me how to swing the stick to hit the pinata, I swung it to hard that I ended up hitting him. Before @CAPS2 even say anything, one of his aunts said. That's the way I'd be getting when ever I'd get bothered at him. @CAPS3 starting out slow then hitting him right where it hurt the most. I was even reder then when I was blising, all I thought of saying was that it might be true when ever it happend @CAPS3 then @PERSON1' mom was already getting the cake out, I just left fron where I was at to go help her out. Once we all got settled to sing happy birth-day to @LOCATION2, we where stil laughing of what had happen. Thing is they where stil talking about it. How it might be the same when we get merried. Again I didnt know what to say so I just simle. Everyone was leaving and right before I could call my dad he was already outside the door. All I said was thank you daddy,with a silly smile.
