 "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people," @CAPS3 quote can be agreed by everyone on @LOCATION1. Everyone loves to laugh and have a good time. Especially @CAPS1 with a person you care about. @CAPS1 is something you and another person can do together with ease. @CAPS3 brings two people closer together and brightens a person's life. Some people, like me, are always looking for a guy who knows how to make me smile and laugh. I need to know that arguing isn't going to be the main part of @CAPS3 relationship. Having someone who makes you laugh is a key factor in life. At the age of sixteen I had my first boyfriend. I was the girl who kept on rejecting guys and telling them I was trying to wait for that perfect guy. In the @DATE2 I met @ORGANIZATION2. Even though he was older than me and we might be opposites, he always knows how to make me smile. My first impression of him was his cute smile. After getting to know him and talking on the phone a couple of times I realized that I started to have feelings for @CAPS3 boy. Whenever we talked he always had me @CAPS1. I found @CAPS3 very attractive. Having someone who brings some sunshine into my life made me feel like I was on top of the world. On @DATE1 there was a football game, @ORGANIZATION1 (two schools who are rivals). During @CAPS3 time him and I still weren't dating. That day I invited him to come over so we could watch the game together. I had previously told him how I love stuffed animals. That day he showed up with a fluffy stuffed animal. We were walking around the track, @CAPS2 all of a sudden I tripped. My first reaction was to use my nervous laugh. He had his arm around me and whispered in my ear "I would never let you @DATE3." I turned cherry red. From that day on he will remember me as the clumpsy girl who trips all the time. Now that i look back at the day I realize how funny that memory was. Looking back at embarrassing moments is always a good thing in a relationship.  @CAPS2 you are looking for someone who you want to spend the rest of your life together you have to make sure you like them for whom they are. You don't want them to change. The goal is to be able to spend time with someone who you can have a good time with and crack some jokes around. I always tell my friends "@CAPS1 is a great ab workout." Which is true because whenever I laugh, my abs are always sore the next day. Being able to have a good time with friends, and laugh about random stuff is always something I look forward to. If there is no @CAPS1 going on, then that means I'm not having a good time. But lucky me, I have amazing friends who make jokes about everything. Whenever I'm around them there is never a moment @CAPS2 I'm not @CAPS1. Being able to make others laugh is a great characteristic in a person.  @CAPS2 you meet a new person, would you rather have awkward silence? Or do you prefer someone who will make you laugh? I'm hoping we have the same answer, because I hate awkward silence. I need to know that @CAPS3 person will make me laugh and smile and not make me be thinking "@CAPS2 will I be able to leave?" @CAPS3 is one of the worst situations anyone would want to go through, I can say @CAPS3 from personal experience. Even though I'm not the best at saying jokes, I use all my embarrassing moments and thats my way I have people @CAPS1. I don't get mad about it, I'm the total opposite. I laugh along with them. I know I'm clumpsy, I know I have my moments, and if these things can bring a smile to a persons face, then I'm @PERCENT1 fine with it. My goal is to be able to make people smile @CAPS2 they are down. So instead of cracking a joke, I just remind them of an embarrassing thing that has happened to me. Everyone is unique in their own ways. That's what makes everyone special. Different people have different ways of making others laugh. And once a guy gets a girl to laugh, that's the first sign @CAPS3 guy was meant for them. Having someone who can make you smile is a key factor in life. @CAPS1 means that you are having a good time. @CAPS1 brings people together. @CAPS1 can brighten a persons life. So next time you meet someone, maybe a joke here and there will help you break the ice.
