                                         The @CAPS1 of Laughter  Many people think it is love that brings people together. But love is something that develops over time and brings people closer in the long run. Before you've ever loved someone though, you've laughed with them. Laughter creates conversation, mends relationships, and brings joy to people. Its an important part of any relationship and has certainly helped me make friends.   In the kindergarten, everything was new to me. I got to leave my house, go to school, eat lunch, and go to recess. There were many children just like me, bouncing with excitement as our daily routine started. Although we played together at school, at home there was no one around to play with.   One day after school, I noticed a boy walking around next to my yard. I walked over and remembered him from that school day in my classroom.  "@CAPS2", was all I said. He turned around, and with all his might, burped as loud as he could. We fell into a fit of laughter and I knew I'd made a new friend that day. From then on, him and I were bestfriends. Any adventure that happened after school always ended with us laughing about something. There was no need for our parents to set up any "playdates" or scheduled time to meet other children because it was easier to laugh at something and make a friend naturally, not awkwardly while the parents chatted. From then on, making friends was a piece of cake.Through grade school and well into my teenage years, I had a best friend and a lot more friends, solely, because of a moment of laughter.  Laughing is something that can always "break the ice". Whenever you meet someone new, it's always kind of hard to just talk to them. You don't know whether to be serious, outgoing, funny, or quiet. But if something happens that makes both of you laugh, then it becomes easier to communicate because that laughter eases some of the tension in between. It's like riding a bike, after the initial awkwardness, things just get easier and easier.  For many, laughter helps heal pain. Tragic things happen in every persons life and it can be hard to deal with at times. Whether it's a breakup, a depressive mood, or maybe even a death of a loved one, something funny and a laugh @MONTH1 help them get their mind off of whatever is bothering them. Most of them time that's all a person wants, something to help them forget what ever troubles them, if only for a few minutes. It's how people build better relationships, they do whatever they can for each other to make each other feel better.   Besides it's healing and conversation starting qualities, laughing is simply fun to do. It @MONTH1 start out as a small giggle, turn into a chuckle, and end up as a fifteen minute session of raging, side cramping laughter. And most of the time, you're with friends so they're enjoying the moment of fun and happiness right along with you.   If you've never laughed once in your life, there's something wrong. It will eliminate awkward moments, relieve painful thoughts or feelings, and create instant fun. Just try it, it's not that hard. I guarantee that it will bring you closer to someone, make life less stressful, and make you happy.
