 School had just gotten out. It was the @DATE2 before my senior year. We had been planning this camping trip for the @DATE1 few weeks. We were so excited about it that that's all we could talk about. This would be the first camping trip we had been on without our parents. It would be the best four days of our lives. Sand, the beach, friends, quads, no parents; how could it possibly get any better than that?  We invited as many people as we could think of. The more people that were there, the more fun it would be. @ORGANIZATION1 and I did all the shopping the day before. We got lots of yummy stuff to make. After we got home from shopping we had to load all the bikes in the toy hauler. We each took two bikes, and we took @ORGANIZATION1's boyfriends bikes over so he could just drive over after work. We were up almost all night packing, trying to figure out the perfect outfits to wear each day. It was going to be a nice weekend at the coast, we could already tell. It was the middle of @DATE3, the sun was shining and it was beautiful outside. The next morning we got up and double checked everything to make sure we had the most important things like flags, helmets, clothes, and those sorts of things. Then it was off to get gas and finally head to the coast! Once we got on the road the music was blaring and the windows were down, just like always. The trip there seemed to take forever because we were so excited to get there. When we finally did get there, there was a really cute guy setting up his tent in one of our camp sights. I asked @ORGANIZATION1 who he was and @CAPS2 told me it was @CAPS1 (her boyfriend) best friend, @PERSON1. We parked the toy hauler and got out to unload and he came over to help. The second I layed my eyes on him, I knew he had to be mine. In the next hour or so we got all unloaded and set up. By then many more people had shown up.We helped everyone else get all their things unpacked and set up so we could go on a ride. Our first trip out on the sand was absolutely perfect. It was warm enough to ride in t-shirts. We didn't stay out for long though. People started to get hungry so we went back to camp, made dinner and sat around the fire. There was probably twenty or so of us sitting around the fire, talking about everything from the stars in the sky, to the sand on the ground. Every time I would look up I noticed that @PERSON1 was looking at me. He would just smile, and look away like it was nothing at all. As usual, @ORGANIZATION1 started telling us about a funny incident that had happened to her in the @DATE1 ( @CAPS2 was such a klutz.)We all started laughing as @CAPS2 was showing us her bruises from falling down the stairs. @PERSON1 and i locked eyes.  Later that night @PERSON1 asked me if I wanted to go on a walk. We walked all the way on the sand trail out to the dunes, and all the way to the top of a giant dune called @CAPS3 @CAPS4. When we got to the top we sat there, staring at the stars, talking. We realized we had lots of things in common. We liked to do all the same things, and we had the ability to make each other laugh.   Laughter really is the shortest distance between two people. If you can make someone laugh, it means a lot. No one has ever been able to make me laugh the way that he does. I never knew that laughing could bring two people together the way that it did that one night at the dunes..
