 As we understand the benefits of laughter, we realize that we cant live without it. Its one of those things that are always going to be with us through tough times, and the joy of life. So when people say "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people", well there right! You can think anything you want to, but i want you to know that i have the best laughter in the world when it comes to the boy i have fallen for.  It all started on a softball tournament in bend. Our team drove there for the weekend to play our tournament and we stayed in the @LOCATION2 inn hotel. Which was very nice by the way, probably to nice for our team, because we end up destroying the place like a bunch of football players in a locker room, hence the hard practices. After our practice we go ahead and swim in the pool, even know we have a big game the next day. The hotel had two big pools, one outside, and one inside with a sauna. We all go to the inside pool because in was way to cold outside. Then everything from there was a little different. My friend @PERSON3 and I go into the sauna after swimming to relax and just talk a bit. After a while two boys about our age enter the sauna while we were still in there. They acted as if they were nervous and shy, so they sat down and started talking to us which was kind of awkward, no doubt. When it comes to boys I'm not shy to just speak my mind and to ask them why the hell there just sitting there pretending to mind there own business, and i know for a fact that's not why. We talk a laugh for a bit and got to know each other. One of them was extremely adorable and i hit it off with him very well. It got later into the @TIME1 and it was time for all of us to head back to our rooms and say good bye for ever. Me and @PERSON3 shared a room with her parents. I had know idea that @PERSON3 gave my number to @PERSON1, the guy i kind of liked in the sauna. About ten minutes later i get a text saying "meet me outside to walk around". So i amused that it was him, and i got all excited! so we snuck out of the room for the @TIME1. All we did was walk around the hotel and talk, he was barefooted and as cute as can be. I never laughed so hard in my life! He made me smile and feel like i could con-core everything that came my way.  About forty five minutes past, still gazing into each others eyes, feeling like it as only been a second. His friend @PERSON2 sees someone walking out a the hotel room and realizes that its his mom. They bolt off saying there goodbyes and at the last second he kisses me on the cheek for his farewell. Never in my life have i experienced something so exciting and fun, and most of all i understand the importance of laughter. Knowing that i would never see him again is what kills me. He lives in @CAPS1 and i live in @LOCATION1. How could anything possibly happen between us? Maybe some day i will meet him again. Maybe someday i would be able to talk to him again like we did that @TIME1, and just maybe, will i fall in love with him. All those maybe's have came true, because i fallowed what was right and i waited. Now sense that all happened i can ponder and relate to laughter and how it effected me in life. That is what brought us together, and I'm happy that all of that could happen so quick in my young life.
