 I think laughter is good for a relationships and here is why . When I first got to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 i was trying to be myself and make friends. One day I was in class and @CAPS4 came into my class room and came up to me and she started talking to me and I started laughing .The she told me that she liked my laugh so she stared laughing like me. So that I would laugh more an @CAPS5 felt good knowing that she was making fun of my laugh she was enjoying @CAPS5 . She was trying to get me to laugh cause she thought @CAPS5 was funny because she had never heard anyone laugh like that. Everyone has a different laugh i have two laughs which she found out funny . @CAPS5 was the best day of my life because i was being myself and I know she wasn't laughing at me. Every time she hears me laugh she laughs and tries to make me laugh so that she can laugh and we all have a good time. For me @CAPS5 is funny because lot's of people don't notice how other people laugh.  @CAPS5 feel good that she noticed and liked @CAPS5 and wanted to have a good time. Most people when they make fun of someone they say hurtful things @CAPS4 wanted to make me laugh again i know she wasn't making fun of me. She just thought @CAPS5 was unique and funny but not a haha you are weird funny but like a omg i love your laugh, its cute and funny. Now every time she sees me she tries to make me laugh @CAPS5 makes me feel good every time she does @CAPS5.When you are new at @CAPS3 good to make other people laugh specially when its not at you directly. To be honest @CAPS5 made me feel like people were startling to like me and not knowing me as "the new kid" but as a human being an actual person and that they say me for me not for what i wanna be or for what people see me as. That's all i could really ask for. So my opinion is yes laughter is good for relationships @CAPS5 shows that you have a sense of humor and that there is a actual person inside that body not just bones.  Another reason is @CAPS5 shows your personalty your real self. Isn't that what people, to want people to see them for who they are not what people say there are.At least that's what i want. that's why i will never forget that class period. @CAPS4 showed me that if i just laugh with other people ill know that the aren't laughing at me like making fun of me they are saying that i am funny. That's what people want is to see people for who they are.  The teacher was a substitute for that day and she kept on getting mad at us for laughing but we couldn't help @CAPS5 because @CAPS5 was so funny. That period i laughed the whole time. I was laughing so @CAPS8 that i peed my pants a little. She made fish faces and sounds like she pretended to be a monkey in a tree. She laughed how I laugh she did everything to make me laugh. @CAPS5 was so funny @CAPS5 took up the whole period. That's is how much i was laughing.  I got up and was going to go to the bathroom and when i got back she was still there and i sat down and so she started making me laugh. So then i sat down and @CAPS7 and @PERSON1 came in and there was something in his pocket and i poked at @CAPS5 and said what is that its @CAPS8. We all started laughing cause @CAPS5 was funny @CAPS5 was is wallet. I didn't get why they were still laughing when I stopped but then I continued to still laugh because the way they were laughing. We all were laughing and then we all stopped at the same time and because we all stopped at the same time we all started laughing cause @CAPS5 was funny.The sub came and stood there by us and we all got quit and then started laughing again. I think that the reason why we were laughing was because we were doing dumb stuff. I turned around to do my work and then @CAPS4 spinned me around so that i would start laughing again. Then i started laughing again @CAPS5 I started crying. I was laughing so @CAPS8. @CAPS4 started laughing so @CAPS8 that she started laughing. At the end of the period I had to pee so bad. @CAPS4 wouldn't let me go she just kept on making me laugh more and more. Sometimes just laughing for no reason is the most fun. I guss my whole belief is that laughter is one of the best things that a person can do. Not only is @CAPS5 fun but @CAPS5 is also a very healthy thing to do.
