 It was my first year of @CAPS1. high school and I was feeling pretty confident. I had great teachers and all the classes I wanted. My first day was going awesome! I had woken up on time, eaten a good breakfast, and I didn't even miss the school bus. My first few classes were fabulous and I was about to go to lunch. As the bell rang I hurried to the cafeteria to get a good spot in line. One of my close friends had called my name so I turned to wave and when I turned back I ran directly into @LOCATION1. We hit hard. I flew backwards dropping everything I was carrying. I tried to say I was sorry but all she did was glare at me and walk away. As I picked up my books I realized I didn't want anything to do with that girl and decided I'd just forget about what had just happened.   After lunch I had @CAPS2. I was extra excited for this class because the boy of my dreams, @PERSON1, was in it. On my way there I made a quick pit-stop to the ladies room to make sure I still looked decent and then headed to class. As I walked in the room the first thing I saw was @PERSON1's beautiful blond hair and his dazzling blue eye. Then I registered the whole scene. Guess who was twirling her hair and batting her eye lashes at my dream guy! You got it, @LOCATION1. From that moment on it was war! As the year progressed @LOCATION1 and I constantly strove to out do each other. We'd race each other to class to see who would get to sit behind @PERSON1. She always had to have the best hair. I would get a cute new hair cut and she would get high lights. I received a phone. So she went out and bought the latest and greatest phone with the built in music player. I remember getting to class early one day, so excited to show @PERSON1 this new game I'd learned. But of course when I walked in the room @LOCATION1 was already showing him the exact same game. There was one thing I always had over @LOCATION1, books. Both @PERSON1 and I loved books. We would sit and talk about the latest and greatest books for hours. This always made @LOCATION1 jealous. Our childish behavior went on like this for three or four months. One day at lunch I was just sitting, eating my food, and minding my own business. All of the sudden @LOCATION1 appeared out of nowhere and spit soda at my face. That did it. This was the last straw. I grabbed my milk carton and dumped it on her head. The cafeteria went silent for about a minute. @LOCATION1 and I stood there glaring at each other, rage searing from our eyes until some one broke the silence with a loud laugh. Soon everyone was laughing, including @LOCATION1 and I. We realized just how stupid we'd been acting and for the first time we were laughing together not at each other. We both apologized and helped each other get cleaned up.  Eventually we became really good friends. To this day we still laugh about or @NUM1 grade rivalry.
