 This is the second time I have been to @ORGANIZATION1 and I can't wait to go on all the rides. The lines are extremely long but I am with some family that I haven't seen for a while so we talk and catch up. My uncle who is there with us tends to play tricks on the kids and embarrass me. He has given me wedgies, put his kids diapers under my pillow, and many more crazy tricks. I knew this trip would be no different so I tried to stay clear of any plans he had in mind. @CAPS1 was going to be a rather warm day today so I put on some basketball shorts and a t-shirt. We headed out with five kids under the age of @NUM1 so I knew we would be going on some smaller rides. After we went on "@CAPS1's a small @ORGANIZATION1", we decided @CAPS1 was time to go to the bigger rides but we would need some lunch first. We went to a burger shop and were waiting to get our food, so me and my uncle decided to have a spit ball war. We were shooting across the isle from table to table trying to dodge people walking by. I hit him twice in the side of the cheek so he told me I had won.  Once we ate our food and went outside to leave he told me, "@CAPS2 see who can hold your little brother above their head for the longest". I not thinking about @CAPS1 said, "That's easy!" and lifted my brother up. Little did I know that was a big mistake. He walked over and pants-ed me in the middle of the walk way. I stood there with a kid above my head and my pant's at my ankles. People sitting down at tables stared and laughed as they saw all this happen. I was so embarrassed, how could I be so stupid to fall for his trick. I couldn't believe I had fallen for @CAPS1 again. @CAPS1 happened so fast and I didn't know what to do other then chuckle inside. After that we decided to head to space mountain to get some fast passes. They allowed for you to not have to wait in line and go to the front, but they could only be used for certain times. We had to wait for about twenty minutes and @CAPS1 was raining. So we put on our blue @ORGANIZATION2 ponchos and the kids were playing tag. My brothers were the loud crazy kids that always have energy and don't stop running. They would keep coming up behind me and hitting me in the back and running away. After about the fifth time I couldn't take @CAPS1 anymore so I told them if they hit me again, they were going to get hit back. After about two minutes I got hit in the back again so I turned around and walked up to a kid in a blue poncho and hit him on the back of the head. Little did I know I had just hit a random little kid in the back of the head. I felt horrible as the kid looked up at me with a blank stare wondering what had just happened. I was so embarrassed that I ran and hid behind a tree as my my uncle and parents were apologizing for what I had done. Although my family was embarrassed for what I had done they were laughing hysterically inside at the same time. I had no idea that the kid wasn't my brother and could only imagine what that kid was feeling like.
