 I met my best friend, @PERSON1, in the third grade. Best friends are the people who come into your lives and stay with you for the rest of it, through the easy moments and the hard times. We learn from our best friends and share experiences with each other. No matter the distance, their friendship is always there for you, even if you are thousands of miles apart or just a few houses away. The laughter between two best friends is an element that bonds them for life, because when two friends truly laugh together, they will always have a small moment in their lives intertwined for as long as they live.  @PERSON1 and I have grown up together. We were there for each other from learning how to jump rope at school through broken bones, school-girl drama, crushes, boyfriends, heartbreaks, weddings and funerals. We helped each other get through everything from hard classes to family pets dying. We offered advice and brought hot chocolate, but this is only the beginning of our friendship. After the problems were solved, we learned how to laugh at our mistakes and move on. Together, we have gotten past slip-ups in what we say, to slipping on the floor. After we have giggled over what the other did or said, we helped them up and moved on. @PERSON1 and I know that, no matter what situation arises, we will always be there for each other, because we have the each others backs. @PERSON1 can make a joke out of any occasion. She is one of those friends that can make you smile just by seeing her face or hearing her voice. Most of the best moments in my life have usually involved @PERSON1 in some way. We have memories from lying in the driveway and watching the stars at night, to cracking up while working backstage for the local drama club. @PERSON1 can always crack me up with her perfect imitations of anyone, no matter how bad of a mood I am in. I crack @PERSON1 up all the time, usually unintentionally, by saying or doing something ridiculous, which shows my true blond side. We laugh over lines from our favorite movies and write down the funniest moments. We have shared so many memories together that we laugh over everything from driving around town and listening to music to being followed by the kiosk workers at the mall. One of the funniest times we ever spent around each other was while we worked backstage during a production by our local theater club. We laughed about everything from building sets to mistakes on stage. We had to open and close curtains in the dark, while wearing full black. I stubbed every single one of my toes that week while rolling the sets on and off stage. My hair was impossible to miss from the audience's point of view, even though I kept cramming it under a black ski hat. @PERSON1 would always have a problem opening one of the curtains that would get stuck when it was halfway open. She had to frantically tug on the rope even thought it kept getting caught in the pulley. I would laugh at her mistakes and she would laugh at mine. We both had a lot of fun watching the audience, director, and actors all at the same time. @PERSON1 and I got to stand in the back and watch all of the actors mistakes, giggling silently with each other. Every time one of the actors would make a mistake, we could watch the audience laugh and the director's face, which was usually horrified for a moment. Now whenever we mention any word or line from that play, we both start cracking up and remembering the entire weekend. There were more jokes then could ever be written down, and every time it is brought up, we remember even more funny moments.  When we are near each other, one quick look or a single word muttered under our breath can crack us both up. We can make each other laugh without even explaining what we meant, because we have shared so many experiences that we can read each others minds. Just one key expression or a twinkle in our eyes can crack the other up. Most other people around us probably would not even notice the small crinkle in the corner of our eyes or a slight smile. Those are the best codes ever imagined, because only the person that it is meant for could figure it out. The messages shared through the eyes a best friend can silently bring up subjects never spoken about and make us laugh. This is why true best friends are bonded by laughter, because it keeps them close no matter what comes, and for every moment of sadness, there are two moments of laughter and happiness.
