Being able to laugh, is one of the greatest feelings in the world. Having family to share it with is priceless. Family moments like that, are times no one can take away. They will be there for you to look back on and just smile on those days. Not being able to laugh would make this world dull and a very depressing place. Laughter is the main connection between family and friends.  My family and I decided that for our @DATE1 break we would drive to the great land of @LOCATION1. Not one of us @CAPS1 how to get there, but my mom told us she would figure it out and for us not to worry about it. So the day we were released from school my mom packed us up and off we went.After two long hours of driving we finally arrived at the @CAPS2 @CAPS3. The crowd to get across was huge. On the boat to get across, I thought about going up stairs to see where we were at. There it was @LOCATION2.  Once we got off the boat and through the crowed highways of @LOCATION2, and started to make our way across the @LOCATION2/@CAPS4 border. I noticed that my mother had a weird look on her face, the look of worry. My sister asked her if she @CAPS1 what she was doing, she replied "kinda". After hours and hours of driving my mother thought it would be a good idea to just buy a map. When we looked at the map we noticed a little town that was very close. When we arrived my mom said we will stay here for the night. When we all woke up my mother told us that she remembered that the town we were staying in is the town we were suppose to be in. After driving around the town looking for our hotel, we were all in the room resting from driving around. My sister made a comment to my mom, about how funny it was to watch her drive around and act like she @CAPS1 what she was doing. This made all of us laugh. We all started to make random comments on her great navigation skills. The rest of the trip we drove around laughing and telling my mom, don't get lost this time, and ask for directions if you need them. laughing about us getting lost made the trip a truly unforgettable moment.   Being able to laugh, is the greatest feeling in the world. To do it with family is a great way to remember fun times. Not laughing could make this life horrible and dull. Being with family and taking a negative situation, and turning it into the best vacation ever with laughter is truly priceless.Everybody needs to laugh in their life,because you only live once so make it worth while.
