My story about laughter is going to be a true story about me. This story is about my trip to the doctors. I love to play sports always have, always will. Iv been playing football for about @NUM1 years now and iv never been hurt, except one pracitce. It was in @NUM2 grade. My football team always does one hitting drill once a week. The drill is called truck and trailer. Its where you have @NUM3 people. Two people on offence and two peole on defense. The two people on offence are trying to score and the two people on defence are trying to stop them. Of course I get stuck with running the ball and not to mention the worst person on the whole team blocking for me. This kid couldn't do anything on the football field other then keep the bench warm. The two biggest and best hitters were on defence trying to kill me. I knew that this was going to be bad. All I could do was run fast, so i do. My coach (my dad) hikes the ball and I take off. Soon enough they catch up with me and take me off my feet. One went high and the other went low. I hit the ground and stayed down. I hear my teammates start screaming. I thought it was because i got ''cracked". I thought wrong. I sit up and my knee kinda hurts. I look at it and it looks like rubber. My leg was pointing the opposite way that it's supposed to go. Iv only seen a brake like that on tv and youtube. My dad doesnt hesitate too call @NUM4. The ambulance came to the field @NUM5 minutes later. They came down to the field and put my on a strecher. My team wasnt the only team that used that field. About @NUM5 other teams practiced at the same time. All eyes were on me. And on my leg. The other teams didnt know what happened except that they had a big ice back on my private area. All my friends thought I hurt my man parts. It was embarrasing and funny at the same time. When they all found out it was my leg they still woud make fun of me. I had horrible nicknames for a long time. It wasnt fun for me and especially not funny. But all my friends thought it was hilasious.
