 When I had turned fifteen I was so anxious to get my permit. I didn't study for it, but I thought to myself how hard could this really be? The first time I went to take the test I went with my best friend @PERSON1. @PERSON1 had already taken the test once and failed so she was trying again. We got to the @ORGANIZATION1 at @NUM1 a.m sharp. I was anxiously sitting there waiting to take my test and that's when they called my number. The women at the @ORGANIZATION1 was very nice to me she said "all I need is your birth certificate, your social security, and proof of enrollment" I handed the envelope to her that I had containing all of these. She okay'd me to go and take my test I sat at computer number six. I was not nervous at all I thought how could I not pass this.When the test began there was so many questions of things I didn't know like motorcycles,left turns, and things about animals that were on the road. I finished the test with @PERCENT1 I only needed to get @PERCENT2 to pass, I was bummed out that I had failed. @PERSON1 however had passed her test I was happy for her and I congratulated her but I was still in a way jealous of her. My @CAPS2 and @PERSON1 told me "it's okay you will get it for sure next time!" @CAPS1 they were wrong. I was supposed to be one of the first people out of my group of friends who was going to get there permit. I had no idea that all of my other friends would get it before I did. It seemed like every week one of my friends would get their permit and just pass me up. I was extremely discouraged and sad about this because in a way I felt like a failure but I was determined to get my permit no matter how many times it took me.  I went back @DATE1 after taking my permit test for the first time to take my test again I failed, I had failed for the second time. I went back again five more times I failed my permit test five times. My @CAPS2 and I were driving back one morning after I had failed I was very sad because I was going to have to wait a whole month again before I could take it. That is when my @CAPS2 just started cracking up laughing hysterically at me. I was very confused at why she would act this way. She told me "sometimes you just have to relax in situations and learn it is okay to not always get things right the first time life is about sticking to things and having fun if you can't laugh at mistakes that are made then what is the fun in that?" I realized she was completely right and that's when I stopped beating myself up over not getting my permit. I laughed hysterically the rest of the car ride home. I didn't mind that I didn't pass because I knew I was going to get it if I just relaxed and studied.  The next month I went back to take the test again. I went through all the steps in the @ORGANIZATION1 again I waited for them to call my number, I gave the women my information, and I sat down at the computer. I got @PERCENT3 this time! I was so stoked and so happy that I had passed I was mostly just surprised my @CAPS2's advice had worked.  @DATE1 that day I was driving home from the store with my @CAPS2. I was not the best driver I think because it was only my first day, and she was yelling at me to slow down and hit the brakes as I pulled into the driveway. I had mistaken the gas for the break and I ran into the garage door. Surprisingly she had started laughing and this made me laugh. Instead of yelling at me and reaming me for this mistake we were able to laugh about it and I think that is what made a world of difference, because if she would have yelled at me I would have been discouraged to try driving again. Now I have had my permit for four months not only am I a better driver but I have learned to relax a little bit more I have learned to laugh a lot more and not take so many great simple things in the world for granite. I also think that it made me closer to my @CAPS2 in a way so I guess it is true what they say "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."
