  It is true that laughter is important in any relationship, friendship, and in life sometime laughter gets you out of trouble sometimes get you in to trouble. but the more we laugh the more we are going to be happy. I time that laughing came in handy was in @CAPS2 school.  In the @NUM1 grade @CAPS3 person was split into a group. The popular girls, band nerds, hippies, and the jocks. The lunch room was always how you knew who was who. The popular girls would sit with the jocks everyone of the girls had a boy to flirt with, the band nerds on the floor making straw recorders and drums out of milk cartons, the hippies all in a circle eating salad out of one tray. None of these groups ever intercepted each other.  I fell into the group of the hippies. we wore green everyday and peace signs on as many clothing we were able to get on our tiny little bodies. We were the nicest group, We helped with @CAPS3 @CAPS1 friendly activity there was to do. We did recycling everyday. My @CAPS2 school experiences was outstanding. The best thing about our group was that we knew how to laugh, we would giggle chuckle, or laugh so hard that our mouths were open and we were holding our gut but no sound would come out.  On a beautiful @DATE1 @TIME1 we decided to sneak out of the lunch room, why did we? I don't know. We all just really wanted to sit outside and eat. The golden rule at lunch time was: @CAPS3 person had to raise their hand to be excused and then take a green card to be able to @CAPS4 outside. After you got a green card you had to take it to the outside teacher which showed her/him that you could be outside. But instead of waiting to get excused, we walked all the way around the other side of the building to sneak around to the bright green lawn that was filled with flowers. I don't know how we managed to sneak around with no teacher seeing us, but we did. When we saw that bright green lawn we ran to it like a four year old running to a ice cream truck. We all skipped, danced and ate our lunches that our mom's packed us. we all sat in a circle and passed around food. the day couldn't get any better. In a matter of fact it got worse. when we were done eating we went and played on the play ground forgetting that we weren't aloud outside in the first place. We swung on the swings, climbed on the monkey bars. we were screaming, laughing talking. Which led to a teacher coming over and told all of us to come to her. Her voice was calm like she was trying to keep a bear down her throat so it wouldn't come out and eat us. We sat there with big bug eyes and all held hands. The teacher said we were in really big trouble, and there would be really bad consequences. And we all knew that before she told us. A few seconds after she told us that, I just started laughing really hard. I couldn't stop, it was like someone put a spell on me to never stop laughing. Everyone looked at me like seriously you pick right now to bust out laughing. I was on the ground curled up in a ball with my hands holding my stomach and my face was bright red. I couldn't stop laughing. Finally i got a hold of myself i looked up at everyone around me looking down at me. I looked at the teacher and she started busting out laughing. We all sat there in silence staring at her. Now she was the one on the ground, I couldn't even believe it. she looked at all of us, and said "@CAPS4 have fun, it is a beautiful day out and you girls are nice ones, i will let it @CAPS4 this time, but just don't do it again". We all hugged her and ran off to the swings and monkey bars. To this day i will never forget that moment. Just a simple laugh got us out of being in so much trouble. who would of thought. it is true that, laughter is important in any relationship, friendship, and in life. having laughter in life makes the world @CAPS4 round.   
