  Being with people that can always make you feel comfortable and be yourself around is most likely the best quality in a friend. Everyone has their flaws; a friend can always look past them and find the good in the one that they trust. A friend can tell a joke and make you laugh until you cry. Making someone laugh can always help when they think that it's not possible for their life to get any worse. Laughter is the most valued gift that can be given. You know inside that it's making them happy just from seeing the smile on their face. There have been many times in my life where I have laughed so hard that I cried. There is truly no greater feeling in the world than knowing that you have people in your life that can cheer you up just by doing or even saying something so ridiculous that it just breaks you into a hysterical laughter. I laugh a lot throughout the day. When I don't, people get suspicious and they feel like there's something wrong with me. That's literally how much of a role that laughing plays in my life. Laughing is my second language in life. There has been one time in particular in my life span so far that has made me laugh so hard that I cried tremendously hard. My friends were staying the @TIME1 at my house and we were just being boys. We did so many things that mad us question our sanity: we at hot sauce by the spoon full, we watched comedy shows, and we also ate ourselves sick. It was the time of a lifetime and we laughed through it all. While watching the comedy shows, we couldn't breath. We were laughing so hard! Nothing could make me stop laughing; I would just keep replaying every joke in my head and I'd start laughing even more. I already hurt so much as it was when we were watching it from earlier. The comedian was a magician with words; the way he put them all together to just seemed like he was reading a sacred scroll from ancient times. I laughed and cried over and over again. I probably did that for ten minutes straight! It was unbelievable. Making these life-long memories with my friends is something that I will never forget. I truly know how great I have it in my life; people would kill to be in my shoes and to get the love and support I get from my friends and family. All my experiences are the things I learn from, whether they're good or bad, I know that its all going to help me later in life to be able to make the right decision when it is presented to me. All the laughs i share with other people makes me know that they have had a good time throughout their day because they smiled and laughed with me. They made a point in my day great as well. Being myself around them is great as well because I know that they're already accepted me into their lives and I don't have to try to be anyone else.  Everyone laughs at some point or another throughout their lives no matter how much they deny it. I really don't even know why they would because what better feeling is there than being able to let out a little giggle every once in a while? I really don't think that there is any. I feel really honored that I have such amazing people in my life that always make it exciting and full of laughter and life. It shouldn't be any other way in my personal opinion. Live life to the fullest; why would you want to live it any other way?
