 Recently over the @DATE2 of @DATE1 I was fortunate enough to meet my uncle whom I have never consciously met. This to me was a major part of learning about my family because I met up with not only my uncle , but my legitimate comedian aunt who I have known since I could remember ,and my father at a local @CAPS1 restaurant called @ORGANIZATION2. These three were all siblings, and this allowed me to peer into what siblings will joke about , talk about , and bring forth a feeling of nostalgia for each other. I myself have a stepsister, but the degree of nonsense being presented before me was of a much greater magnitude than I could ever fathom. Everyone was constantly in a state of laughter from the stories of the shenanigans that my father and his brother and @CAPS2 managed to get into. At one point I started having a very hard time breathing.The stories and all-together bad jokes being distributed made me understand that in my family there have been a long line of relatives who inherited some gene that forces us to tell bad jokes. Not even inappropriate but plain stupid jokes. I realized that my children will be telling bad jokes. We dined there for a couple of hours before my dad had to leave for his home up in @LOCATION3, and I needed to be taken home to my family here in @LOCATION4. But tomorrow was planned for a day of exploration of @ORGANIZATION3 and plenty of stupid jokes to be exchanged. I woke up the next day got dressed and prepared myself for laughter I was aware I would be keeling over because of. When I met with uncle and my aunt as well as my uncle's girlfriend we set off towards the fish hatchery on what I believe was the @LOCATION1. All the jokes started slow because everyone was tired and still waking for the rest of the day's trip. We arrived at the hatchery and we began by feeding some fish they have out in a pond.We watched the fish as they swam around in their concrete canals for at least twenty minutes. We then progressed through the hatchery and soon returned to the car and made our trip to @ORGANIZATION1. Once we had parked outside the @ORGANIZATION1 we could hear the beautiful sound of rushing, so beautiful I really needed to pee. We walked along the paths and eventually climbed up a an outlined path to get a get closer view of the @ORGANIZATION1 and we were enthralled. I was being tortured by the thought of using the restroom. I was able to hold it, but it shortened our visit to the @ORGANIZATION1 which was an inconvenience to everyone else but they obliged. I will remember the @ORGANIZATION1 for it's pure natural beauty. After visiting the @ORGANIZATION1 we were going to the very tourist friendly town of @CAPS2's @ORGANIZATION3. We drove by and I nearly lost my mind when I saw the alpacas. Before we did anything at @CAPS2's I first found a restroom and we were later all in agreement that we should get something to eat. A @CAPS4 themed restaurant was an obvious choice and we decided to satisfy our hunger at this fine establishment. They seated us and our host was a very nice young woman. we scanned the menu for something that sounded appetizing. I had found this restaurant was a winner of tastiest burger awards. Falling into temptation I had to order one of these burgers. I do not regret doing this because it was one of the best burgers I have ever had the delight of eating. After satisfying the hunger plaguing us , our group began to browse the gift-shops and the silly novelties that they carried. From bookstores to art galleries to a shop that sold nuts and spices until we came upon an @CAPS5-cream shop. After walking around for the day, @CAPS5-cream was the best thing in our mind to have at the time. I had a very peculiar flavor with berries in it. But I've yet to try a significantly better flavor. When we got our @CAPS5-cream my uncle began to share stories of @LOCATION5 which is where he was visiting from. Quite honestly I wish I could have gone back with him to @LOCATION5, it sounded like a grand city with plenty of places to explore. Sadly I could not, but it is now my goal to eventually visit him where he is living in @LOCATION5. We finished our @CAPS5-cream and then made our way toward the car and drove to @PERSON1 to eat at a very good @CAPS9 restaurant @NUM1o @CAPS10's. We dined there and our stomach was full of exquisite food, almost an entire day of very tasty and savory delights. That was my uncle's @DATE1 day in @LOCATION2. I now wish he would visit more often because of the good time we had on our little expedition across @LOCATION2 with the plethora of bad jokes and stories along with it.
