 It all started with a book @DATE1 @DATE1 ago. My mom had noticed I was struggling to find friends, so she took it upon herself to help me make some. She had a few friends from school who had kids of their own, some my age. I had been around these girls a few times as a child, but not recently. I'm not sure today what my mom saw in @LOCATION1 that made her think we would click, but she was right. What seemed like such a small action would change my life drastically. In @DATE2, in my new house I first met @PERSON1. That evening before she arrived I couldn't help but be very upset at my mom for doing this. I felt I was fine and fully capable of making friends myself. She acted like she knew me, but the few acquaintances I had she didn't believe would be good for me. I didn't think she could be right this time and I didn't want to waste my time. An abrupt knock on the door interrupted my train of thought, I could her muffled voices and footsteps downstairs. Quickly I retreated to my room and onto my bed. The bulky front door opened and closed again followed by footsteps coming up to my room. When @PERSON1 first walked into my room my first thought there was no way we would get along. She was a gorgeous blond girl, obviously popular and very confident. I couldn't stop thinking how she was going to call me freak and poke at my differences like the other girls at school did. "@CAPS1, what are you reading?" @PERSON1 asked as she sat on my bed. Come look for yourself." I replied offering her the book in my hands. I knew she would hate this book. It was about all the microorganisms that live and feed off your body. I was right and as she leaned over cautiously @PERSON1 read the book with a disgusted look on her face. Laughter was boiling up inside me, I couldn't hold it much longer. My small, dull room buzzed with my laughter. @PERSON1 looked over at me with another strange look on her face and began to laugh along with me. Once the laughter had stopped and the ice was broken we began to talk about other interests. @DATE1 short hours flew by and we were finding plenty of things we had in common. We shared funny stories, introduced new music to one another, and talked about hobbies. I couldn't remember the last time I felt so in-tune with someone, especially someone I had just met! Suddenly our conversation was interrupted by a brisk knock on the door downstairs, we looked at each other and smiled. In that smile I saw a real person smiling at me with real pleasure showing through. Very much unlike previous encounters with kids at school. Downstairs we said our good-bye's to one another. As the new, cool @DATE3 air began to rush through the opened door I reached out to hug her. To my surprise she took my gesture and ran back to hug me. Her hair smelled of hair products and powder, a smell very unfamiliar but surprisingly comforting. Once she was gone for the night I began to think. I really liked @PERSON1 and I wanted to see her again soon. I felt accomplished in some way and fulfilled to have this bright future opportunity brought to me so easily and perfectly. Guilt also struck me as I realized how I had felt about @PERSON1 at first. For someone who had been judged through most of school I had been very hypocritical. That night I stayed up later than usual thinking about the next time I could see her, how she had looked and tried to understand how we could get along so well. Despite these questions haunting the edge of my every thought I slept happily, thinking of the next time I would get to see her. All of those @DATE1 questions and concerns have been answered in the @DATE1, and we are the closest friends. Not long after we started hanging out more often, we began to like one another a lot. One of my favorite parts about our relationship is how people get so confused to see us two different so close to one another. We can take the stares, comments and anything else we struggle with today and find a way to laugh together to reduce the importance of it. I have thanked my mom over these @DATE1 for many things, but mostly for what she has done for my relationship. If it hadn't of been for her my life would probably of been much darker. No one on that cold night expected this one meeting to evolve into our beautiful relationship. Laughter is an extremely vital part of a relationship whether it is being built or being kept up. Thanks to laughter excelling conversation @DATE1 @DATE1 ago, I have had the best experience I could of ever asked for.
