  When we all get together on my dad side, we just all sit, laugh, and talk loud. I all ways say that we are one big fake @CAPS1 family. All the aunts, uncles, and cousin come around my grandma's small kitchen table and talk. There is so many conversation going on and people talking loud and laughing, that to me it make feel like a home away from home. This was the case when some of us got together for a late birthday party for me, when I was in @LOCATION1 @DATE2.   It was @DATE1, my grandma, uncle, aunt, dad, my two cousin, and I; were sitting around the kitchen table eating cake and talking. We were talking about a problem that I was having. Some how my dad deiced to pretend like we were in court. My aunt said to @PERSON2 to go and get a wig for the judge, which was my uncle. @PERSON2 brought back this blond wig and she puts it on my dad's head, he looked so funny. Aunt @PERSON3 was fixing the front of the wig for him. I grab his phone and start taking a bunch of pictures of him in the wig. I send one to my mom saying, "@CAPS2 mom dad is pretty." We were all laughing so hard. Then my grandma deices to put on the wig. Grandma keep saying that it was itchy and tickling her. After she took off the wig, she stared to tell us a story about the time when my grandpa pocked her in the left side of her rump with a compass. She first set up the story for us, by telling us who the teacher was. It was a funny @DATE2 name that I don't remember. Uncle @CAPS3 was doing an impression of what he thought the teacher would be like. His impression was like the old bank owner on @PERSON1. We all stared to laugh really hard. When my grandma finally got to the main part of the story, he was so mad at her, because she wrote his name down for talking in class and he also liked her. So he took a compass and poked her in the rump. For some reason my dad and uncle thought it was so funny that they made her say it over and over again in a rime. She couldn't say rump with out laughing. We all stared to laugh really hard because she couldn't say rump. Grandma was laughing so hard she would fall back into her chair and I though she was going to die of over laughter. The laughing got so bad we were starting to cry of laughing so much.  As you can see, my dad side really like to laugh and be funny.We are a great big fake @CAPS1 family. I believe that laughter is a very important part in any relationship you have with any one you meet. One of my favorite things to do is laugh and I will most likely laugh at anything some one says. When my dad and his younger brother get together prepare to laugh really, really hard.
