 When I told my mom that I wanted to @CAPS5 from sunset to sunrise to raise money for a trip to @LOCATION1, she laughed. Her laugh was one of utter sarcasm, as if she was saying, "Is this a joke?". Yet, when the crazy idea of running for @NUM1 hours straight was truly thought through, the laughter began to melt away. The idea made sense; I wanted to go to @LOCATION1 with my school's band with a cost of roughly @MONEY1. My family didn't have that money, and I certainly wasn't going to bribe my neighbors penny by penny to buy cheap cookie dough from a magazine. I needed to earn my money, in a way that not only was meaningful, but also efficient. What better way to do that then to do a long distance @CAPS5; a skill that I not only loved, but was also good at? The plan started small; I would @CAPS5 from sunset to sunrise with some friends, wanting to raise about @MONEY2. After consulting my distance coach, I realized that running for @NUM1 hours would entitle me to over @NUM3 consecutive miles.So what if I was fifteen years old and had never even ran a marathon before? Something in me told me it was possible. And so we laid out the plan; I was to @CAPS5 about @NUM4 miles a week, with three hour runs on @DATE3. I ran about ten miles a day, including hill repeats, running backwards, and many, many lunges. For some reason, both my coach and I agreed that I could do it.  Running was one thing, but then there was the reason behind the running; raising money. A family friend, @PERSON1, who was both a runner and an organization whiz, helped me out. When I informed him that my goal was to raise @MONEY2, he looked at me and firmly said that I could do better. We started out with local businesses, asking for things ranging from bananas to an energy gel called "@CAPS1". @PERSON1 taught me how to dress, talk, and present to each business, helping me create a flier to put up in coffee houses, and a way to organize the money I brought in. Next, came the friends. Surprisingly, I found that a lot of my friends not only wanted to donate, but also wanted to participate in the all-@CAPS4 @CAPS5, and thus was created the running "shifts". Soon, I had about twenty people who were going to @CAPS5 with me, ten businesses who sponsoring me, and four "drivers" who drove cars with mattresses, food, and water in the back to support me and my "crew". Before I knew it, my whole community was cheering me and that crazy, laughable idea on. The @CAPS4 of the "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 All-@CAPS4 @CAPS5" came before I knew it. The day before my stomach was twisted in knots, and it almost impossible to rest. Yet, as people arrived ready to @CAPS5, drive, and cheer the whole event on, my fears began to subside. The weather was wonderful, with clear skies and decently warm temperatures for early @DATE4, and everybody who came were cheerful and encouraging. As the sun set on that fateful day of @DATE1, a group of roughly twenty teenagers all with a crazy goal and strong spirits, set off from my home in an awkward jog, knowing that they would return when the sun rose the next day having conquered something almost impossible. As we ran, headlamps were turned on, music was cranked up, quirky runner games played to pass the time, and silly songs were sung to keep our feet moving in the briskly cool @CAPS4. The hardest part for me was returning to my home after @NUM5 miles for a bathroom break around @TIME1 and realizing that I still had seven hours left. As the miles and minutes began to blend together in the seemingly endless @CAPS4, it became hard for me to believe that the sun would ever rise again. We all wanted so badly just to stop, rest, and sleep. That @CAPS4, with our feet pounding the cold pavement, we ran like shadows through the endless @CAPS4, our eyes searching for the sunrise that would signify our time to stop.  The sunrise that rose the morning of @DATE2 at @NUM6 am was the most welcoming sight I had ever seen. @NUM7 miles behind me, and well over @NUM8 for each person in my group, we were all exhausted and cold to the bone. Everyone who had been resting jumped out of the support cars and joined me for the last mile, every one of us watching with awe as light seeped into the darkness, stunning the quiet, frost-covered world on with warm light. The sun rose big and orange, and when my feet finally stopped, an exhausted yet exuberant shout left the throats of everyone. It was then, in that gorgeous sunrise, that me and mom hugged and laughed; a laugh that was not sarcastic, but spoke of how a girl who had done the impossible.
