 Can you imagine life without laughter? Life would be so serious, and relationships would be so boring. That favorite comedy? Not funny. America's @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3's, how can you not laugh! Laughter is a way to express emotions in a positive manor. What is it that relationships are built off of? Honesty, trust, understanding, and humor. Do you really want to be around someone @CAPS4 is boring? Because I don't. I believe strong friendships and relationships need laughter in them to keep them interesting. Many of my relationships have begun from a joke, laughter, or me being clumsy. I remember being in a class where I knew no one, and this is a very awkward situation to be in. I sat in the back of the class, with one other person, her name was @PERSON1. It started off quite and no on saying anything, so I decided to tell an extremely cheesy joke. As soon as I told it, there was a silence afterward, where we just stared at each other. Seconds later we busted out in laughter, you know the kind of uncontrollable laugh, where you cannot breath, and your tear ducts are overwhelmed to the point where tears slide down your cheeks? When this happened there is a sudden bond, a spark of friendship between the two of us. From that point we were inseparable. For the rest of the school year, we were partners on every project, multitasking our way through them. Half the time we would be making up funny scenarios, and laughing until we cried. The other half we would have make a fantastic project using the inspiration of each other to get the work done. I am an all around "laughter enthusiast!" I can make the smallest things funny, its a quality I enjoy very much @CAPS4 knew a silly joke could go so far? Laughter cannot be the only element to a developed relationship, you need trust, honesty and various qualities to keep a healthy relationship. My point is, how can you maintain a friendship with someone @CAPS4 you can laugh with, or be yourself with? It is human nature to laugh, you can't always be serious. I don't think that I could go a day without laughing. Laughing can be the antidote for a frown. Moral of the story, laugh!
