 I have always tried to be a happy person, and over time I have learned that laughter is a key component to my happiness. I have succeeded in being a happy girl most of my life. Even as a baby, I hardly ever cried; I was always laughing and giggling. As I have grown up, I have tried to keep up my happy-go-lucky spirits. Sometimes this was not the case, but that is simply reality. There have been many times in my life where laughter was all that surrounded me. I rely on laughter to keep me close with my friends, and so far, this trust has always came through, and it has worked for me. I often find myself remembering that laughter and happiness is really what life is all about. When I was first born, I didn't cry. I never cried very much as a baby. My mom reminds me of this whenever I ask her about my baby years. As a young kid, I wanted to be a part of everything that surrounded me! I was always looking for laughter and exciting events; I didn't want to miss a beat! My mom would have to take drives just so I could take a nap, and even then, I would hardly ever fell asleep. For if I did, @CAPS1 forbid, I might miss a moment of laughter! If someone else was laughing, I was laughing with them. Sometimes, I had no idea what was going on, or I wondered why what they had said was so funny, but I loved the feeling laughing with other people. I am always reminded of my happy toddler years whenever I look at my baby pictures. I don't have one of those pictures where I am bawling my eyes out, like you might find in most kid's baby pictures. In every baby picture of me, I'm laughing. If I'm not laughing, then there is a wide smile spread from ear to ear! Laughter is what kept me a happy baby! As a preteen, I was still the girl who you would always see laughing and smiling. I sometimes wondered what it felt like to cry because I had never felt that type of feeling before. I was always so caught up in laughter that I never had time to think about the negative. Now, I unfortunately know the feeling of sadness and being upset, and I try incredibly hard to go back to when I didn't know these feelings. Whenever I'm feeling down, I attempt to find laughter in each thing I do. When I attempt this, I can always find laughter, and my spirits are brought back up. My friends are always a place I can go to for a pick me up. Especially @PERSON1, who is my best friend. Every time I am with her, I find myself laughing for one reason or another. @PERSON1 and I have not had the steadiest friendship, but what always brings us close again is laughter. Our fights always end when we find common ground in something funny. Usually, she is the one who finds this, and she makes me laugh. Laughter is what has kept @LOCATION1 and I so close for the past few years. If laughter didn't exist, I can assure you that we would be anything but friends right now! Not long ago, I was in the car with three of my closest friends: @LOCATION1, @CAPS2, and @PERSON2. We were all laughing and singing as loud as we could to one of our favorite songs. I looked over to my friends and saw all of their smiling faces, and I found myself smiling too. I realized then, that laughter is truly what life is all about. Laughter is what has kept me close to all of my peers throughout my life. When I was little, I was gravitated towards those who I had the most fun with, and who I laughed with the most. As I've grown older, that same thinking is still there; I want to be with the people that make me laugh. The older I have gotten, the more I've learned about what I need in a friend. My main criteria is someone who can make me laugh. If I'm with someone with a dry sense of humor, and who doesn't talk at all, then I am going to go find someone who is laughable and hilarious!  Laughter is something that I am extremely thankful for. It has been the key to making me happy for all fifteen years of my life! From when I was a baby, up until now, laughter is what always has been, and what always will be, what my life is all about!
