  I was in @NUM1 grade; when it was almost the last day of school so since middle school years have been the lamest years of my life. I thought of my brothers pranks he had done while he was in middle school and one of them that was the funnest was the fire alarm prank. He told me the story to me all the time and that he did it a lot of times and also got away with it. I know I should at least try it since this was my last year in middle school and I should just go for it. well @NUM2 days before school was out I had a lighter with me and I had went into the girls bathroom, I noticed there was a alarm on the top of the roof so I stood on top sink and turned on the lighter, waved it around the white round fire alarm and then once I knew it, it went off. My friend was with me at the time I was thinking about it and told her before i did what i was going to do at the time and so she knew what i was about to do. But anyways back to what had happened... We all went outside, me and my friend were laughing so hard that everyone was looking at us with weird faces but then we told our closest friends what I had done and they all cracked up, even some lower grade kids herd about it but that's because they were by us and at the end it didn't get pretty. It was last period and I was in computer class when my vice principal came and got me from class then took me into her room and she asked me if I was the person who turned off the fire alarm and I was like no then asked me again and I still said no. Finally she told me that when I was doing whatever I was doing to make it go off; did I notice if there were people in the stalls at that time? I said no and she told me that there were two people in there and one of them had told on me. So it ended up with me getting in big trouble with being on probation, going to the fire department to apologize for what I had did and how much time it takes for them to do there job on fires at school, then had community service the whole @DATE1, and almost didn't get to walk in my promotion with the @DATE2 class which got me down. I do regret doing what I had done since I think of it all now, it was something childish and stupid. For some reason it was my funniest moment of my life and I'll always have that as one of my @NUM3 top favorite memories and moments of any school year. True Story.
