 Close people to you enjoy the moment you have shared with them and remembering it back brings laughter for what had occurred in that moment. Laughter brings people you have known from a long time together because you have had a feeling for that person and for the moment. Laughing at the memories that were spent with that person and enjoying it can make you closer to that person and it can be important to that relationship. In fact, it has happened to me before; laughter came to me when i saw a special video from my past. It was when one of my favorite cousins was two years old and i was three years old at a family party. My cousin was very chubby and with straight hair, but that day she was very sick from fever. I was very different because i had curly hair and was short. We both had a dress on, but the dresses had different styles. Then everyone at the party was having fun and we were, too. The video got to the part when my cousin and i were bouncing up and down grabbing our dress and making a show for everyone at the party. In that time we were suppose to be dancing. It seemed we were having to much fun that day. Afterward, my youngest brother came close to where we were dancing to see us dance, but he was caring with him a cup of soda. Then one of the grown ups gets up from its chair and bumps into him and he drops his cup of soda which splashed my cousin and me. All of our dress were wet, dirty ,and sticky from the soda. We both stopped dancing and sat down on the ground and started to cry. My aunt and my mom changed us to something else, but later when we saw my brother we were so mad that we didn't answer him when he asked us something or wanted to talk to us for that fact. Later on, we were having fun again and talked to him back again. Finally, the video stopped. It's important that laughter gets people closer to someone because together they're having a great moment while laughing. My cousin and i watching the video remembering our memories made us laugh from what happened to both of us. We have shared the same feelings and the innocent we were at that age. We noticed how much we had changed right now from all the funny times we had enjoyed together. We did realize that it was not my brothers fault for splashing us with soda. Laughing from all the moments we shared helped my cousin and me to be more united. Obviously, in different time in life you react in a different way, but laughing in that moment or later on gets people together. Sometimes in time feelings are different, but laughing is important because you're sharing the moment of happiness with someone. I remember events from my past with my family and we get closer to each other and have some laughter for the happy moments.  
