 Laughter is an important element in a relationship. It shows the chemistry in a couple, and it shows happiness within family and friends. How depressing would it be if the world had no laughter? It would be like the "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4". The joyous sound of laughter that bonds relationships allows you to get to know someone better and show them you have a warm heart. Ideally, when a person has a warm heart, your conscience tells you, you can trust them. The talent to laugh is a good element to have when you are meeting someone new, and spending time with your family. Last @DATE1, my youth group and I went on a missions trip to @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1. We would be reaching out to many new children as we held a @ORGANIZATION2 for a week in the small @CAPS5 town. We picked up the children from their houses and drove them to the @ORGANIZATION1 to play games and sing songs. As we met each child one by one, it was important to give them a warm smile and laugh with them. If we had come into their neighborhood with our straight serious faces in our big twelve passenger white vans, it would send out a different message to the children. Instead, we decorated our cars with crayola car paint markers and jumped out of the vans energetically with big bright smiles. We ran up to a house door, rung the doorbell, and asked the parents if their children wanted to come to our @ORGANIZATION2. We had to remember that these kids live in poverty and have gone through a lot. To share the gospel, it was important to show them that we were friendly so they could open up to us and let us tell them about @CAPS6. When we laughed with the children, their eyes would always smile and twinkle. A lot of the children just needed love and we did so by laughing with them and making jokes to one another.  Assuredly, our youth group made a change in the children lives. Our @ORGANIZATION2 is probably one of the biggest highlights of the year for them. In @ORGANIZATION1, the town's appearance is flat like a desert, there's no playgrounds, parks, or places they can go to and have fun. @CAPS8 gave us the power to share the gospel with these children and give them a fun @DATE1 to remember. @CAPS8 opened the hearts of the @CAPS5 children so that they @MONTH1 hear the word of @CAPS8. I honestly don't think we could have reached out to them if we had not been a friendly bunch. It just shows how important it is to laugh with one another, whether it be with strangers or your family. If there is no laughter within your family, something is wrong. It's a sign of broken relationships and a sense of closeness that is lost. In commercials, there's always advertisements where families are around the dinner table, or at a restaurant laughing together. Not everybody has to look like that picture perfect family everyday, but when a family laughs with one another, it shows the unity they have. Usually when people laugh, they do so because they understand the situation and have respect for one another. Of course a family does not have to be related, it could be your youth group, your friends, or anyone you feel close to and comfortable with. Your comfortable person could even be your future spouse. My cousin's story on how he met his wife is like the scene in a chick-flick movie. My cousin, @PERSON1, was working at a ski resort at the rental check-outs waxing skis, when a dark haired brunette comes toward him in her baggy snow pants and says, "I can go down the biggest hill" with the most flirtatious eyes and grin. Now, @PERSON1 was very confused as to why this girl would walk up to him and bluntly say that to him. But @PERSON1 was mesmerized with this gorgeous girl and all he could say was, "@CAPS9". The girl seemed thoroughly pleased with his answer and asked him when his next shift was. An hour later, @PERSON1 and this girl were having lunch together in the cafeteria. It turns out, this girl's name is "@PERSON2". Apparently, @PERSON2's friends spotted @PERSON1 first and told @PERSON2 the guy had a great laugh and he looked like a good person. They urged @PERSON2 to ask him out and get to know him. @PERSON2, being the daring one, agreed. @PERSON1's story proves the point that laughter is important. You don't know @CAPS2 @MONTH1 hear you and how that person could effect your future.  Laughter is an important element in your life. It brings out the joy in people's spirit, gives you opportunities to meet new people, and perhaps change their lives. It reflects @CAPS2 you are and changes the atmosphere around you. After all, we wouldn't want our world to be like "The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Laughter" would we?
