 Human beings are...unusual...Okay, we're weird. There are so many people in the world, including ourselves, and the only way we can like ourselves is if we can get others to like us; if that isn't strange enough, we still don't like ourselves no matter who likes us. Just what are we thinking? We are always using relationships to assist our understanding of who we are; it's a gamble to even have those relationships. Face the facts, we risk so much on relying on others; we give them the ability to build us...or break us. Our major goals as youngsters is to find people to like us. I think it might even span to later times in life than that! From my experiences I know there are two key points in knowing a person can build us: trust and kindness. Finding builders with these traits is as easy as understanding if they bring you joy or not.  A person can give you joy by simply being kind to you...but if you want a whole swarm of friends, then this isn't exactly the best way. It's not that kindness is a bad way to make friends...it's just that it's not the fastest method. If a builder is kind then of course you would become their friend...in time; in order to immediately know a friend when you see one, they will make you laugh. Laughter makes us enjoy our time with our friends, it's a golden rule in the book of @CAPS1, if there is such a book. And it was through laughter that I made my experience in @CAPS2 class better. @CAPS2 class, to me, was extremely stressful. Every day we had either a speaking assignment or we had paperwork; and the class was really slow. Why was it slow? It was slow because we could hardly get through one set of instructions without some group speaking or finding some other way to disturb the class. A good example would be this one class project we had to do. As usual, instructions were slow; I was at my boiling point. Today seemed different though, despite the the usual annoyance, not a single student asked for a repeat on instructions, in fact, they all seemed to understand and immediately started working. I too followed in with this action. The assignment was, each group of about three to four people had to create a script using the vocabulary learned from the supplied booklet; it took a whole class period and then everyone went home to do their other work. The next day we returned to @CAPS2 was definitely an interesting one. The teacher had all kinds of strange props lined up for us. apparently we were going to have the audience act out our script, our job was to read it out loud. My group was first to entertain and we had finally selected our volunteers and actors. Tiffany, @PERSON1, and I sat down in the back of the classroom ready to read the script, not sure what the actors would deliver. Our play was... a success?! By the end of the first sentence everyone was giggling. As we moved further on to the next play the laughter had grew louder. Students were really enjoying themselves and more people volunteered to preform until it was difficult to choose actors. Even I, the classroom-snob, was enjoying myself. The plays were fun and random, some play would send everyone into hysterics. I can easily remember one of the groups making me laugh so hard that my sides were aching, tears lined my lids, and it was almost impossible to breathe. This project was definitely the best one I had ever participated in. It's moments like these when we build strong unity in the classroom, we enjoyed all of the people around us and we enjoyed ourselves. I was so use to being angery at my classmates that I was taken by suprise on that one day. Enjoying their plays so much, I now look at them as an entertaining group of students, rather that the annoyance I had seen them as before. No longer are these people strangers in the hallway, now they are family. It really is amazing how something as simple as laughter can change ones outlook on others and themselves.
