Laughter is an amazing feeling. @CAPS1 feel good, @CAPS1 feel wonderful, happy, secure, and loved. It is what brings the best out of people, in my opinion. People laugh to show a sense of humor, and to show love. I am more of a depressed person, and my therepst always told me,  "@CAPS1 don't want wrinkles, so smile, and laugh it out."I predict that laughing is what makes people who they really are. When @CAPS1 are mad, or even sad. What do @CAPS1 want to do? I don't think @CAPS1 would want to be grouchy all day? I would think @CAPS1 would want your friends or family make @CAPS1 laugh, so @CAPS1 can get over what your upset about, move on and be happy. In life, nothing is more important than love, and laughter. There is no love with no laughter. No laughter without love. We need one another to keep our days going. Especially for those who have been through a lot in life. Like me. I have family problems, I'm a sophomore, yet I am still standing tall with a bright smile on my face. I know, that everything will be @CAPS2 fine, @CAPS4 I @CAPS2 laugh it out. It makes me feel safe, makes me feel like, I am needed in this world. I ve have been through so much, that others look up to me. Wwhen it comes to that, I know exactly @CAPS2 what to do. Make them laugh. Nothing stands out more beautiful than a human laughing. A lot of people has always wondered how I could be so strong, because of all the horrible situations I have been through since middle school. Aand I tell them, "@CAPS2 laugh it out. It makes @CAPS1 feel way better in the end." I mean, @CAPS1 @MONTH1 feel silly when your done laughing, but also feel great. That @CAPS1 can @CAPS2 laugh, and move on. Because it is life. Notihng is perfect, things will get messed up, people come and go. There will be tears, and there will be laughter. When it comes to an end, let it go. Laugh, and @CAPS2 be happy that he/she was once yours. Memories last forever, cherish every moment @CAPS1 have, laugh and live life as it is, because it is too short to waste time, and frown. Laughter is the beauty of a person's voice. Some are high, and some are low. Some are loud, some are very quiet, and giggly.I have a loud mouth. Also a loud laugh. I am very tiny, yet the volume that comes out of me when I laugh makes @CAPS3 so surprised. I entertain people with my laugh, depending on my mood, my laugh will change tone. Sometimes @CAPS1 can say my laugh is annoying, but I'm not afraid to laugh. I'm not, so don't be afraid, speak out, and like text messages that @CAPS3 sends to eachother, laugh out loud. Everything will be okay. It takes a lot of strength to make me stop laughing. Because I am a "blonde." @CAPS3 says. No matter what, I'll always be laughing. In fourth grade my teacher once said,  "@CAPS4 @CAPS1 laugh a lot. @CAPS1 will live life longer."I still remember it from then on, I still, and will believe in that quote. Laughter is what makes me who I am today, and it has made me become a better, and stronger person. The most common thing that people do is laugh. @CAPS1 can walk down the hall, in the mall, next door, outside, at a park, where ever else. There will always be people lauhging, and sharing jokes all over the world. I'm glad people can speak through laughter.
