  Laughter is a important part of my life.The best way to pass the time is laughing with friends and family. Think back on all the fun times you've had, if you do you'll find that most of them you are laughing. That's because laughter and fun go hand in hand. Everyone likes to have fun, therefor everyone likes to laugh. Laughing is good for you in many ways, it keeps you happy, helps maintain healthy relationships with others, and it relieves stress.  Also a lot of people laugh when there nervous, I'm one of these people. Especially when you're put in a awkward situation. Like when you have to do a speech in front of the class. I remember my first speech in high school, it's one of the scariest things I've done. It was @CAPS1 year and I slouched down in my chair and tried to get as low as possible so the teacher couldn't see me. I wouldn't make any eye contact with her either. I put my back pack in front of me in order to block her view. Every time she'd look around the room to pick another person to go I'd hold my breath and hope it wasn't me. Every time it wasn't me I would breath out in relief.  Finally it was getting down to a few people and I knew my doom would soon await me. I decided to take a chance and peek over my back pack to see who the teacher was looking at for her next victim. What I saw when I looked at her was her eyes meet mine. I tried to hind behind my back pack again but it was to late. She had already started to call my name out.  What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I tell her I'm not ready? Should I try to get out of it? I wiped my sweaty palms on my blue jeans.Then I stood up and started to walk toward the front of the room. I could feel a nervous knot building up in my stomach. With note card in hand, I began to speak. My words were quiet and shaky. My speech was about uniforms in school and if I agreed with them or not. As I went on I could feel myself start to trip over my words. Then I started to laugh, which I always do when I'm nervous. I could hear other people in the room start to snicker. I smiled and looked down at my note card and continued my speech. After wards I felt a big relief to get it over with. It wasn't perfect but laughing at myself when I messed up helped me get through it without falling apart from my nervous.  Although not everyone reacts this way, laughing can help relieve tension in some situations.But always be careful not to laugh in situations were it's not appropriate. It's not good for you to have constant stress. Finding things to laugh about can be a good way to relieve stress. Laughing might not be the right behavior to get a A on your speech but it did help me keep it together to make it through. Laughter is important to everyone. It's a good way to have fun with others and it keeps you happy. Laughing is a good way to relieve stress. Your relationships will grow stronger if you find things in common to laugh about. If you learn to laugh you're sure to have a fun and happy life, I know I do. 
