@CAPS1 @CAPS2   @CAPS3 in to the school's office was a usual thing for me. I was only in elementary school and had already developed the habit of making myself sick" so I could go home. It had worked several @CAPS2 but the reality was that some how adults could outsmart "my sickness". As a kid I was a perfect actor but apparently my acting skills were fading. All the staff new me by then and by now it was harder for me to make my ways out. I remember being in forth grade when I made an appearance at the office but not really by choice and in my innocence I never knew what could happen next. My cousin @PERSON2 and I were in the same classes, we used to look alike when we were kids and teachers would often confuse who we were because we looked like twins. One day my cousin was struggling with a couple math problems and @PERSON1, our math teacher decided to stay a few minutes after school to help her. However we also use to ride the same bus and I decided to wait for her in order to catch the bus together. Those few minutes became more and once @PERSON2 was out we had already missed the bus. That's when we made our appearance in the office and there she was the chunky old lady that new me by heart. I would always remember her sitting in a chair in front of the computer and filling out some papers.This time she knew it wasn't one of those "wanna go home" days. "We missed the bus" we said, she then asked us why, we both gave our explanations. In the meantime she called @PERSON1 to make sure we were telling the truth. When @PERSON1 showed up, the office lady explained what we had said, but the problem was that she confused our explanations thinking we both missed the bus for the same reason making me look like a liar. When @PERSON1 heard this she said that I wasn't telling the truth and when I tried to explain to her that the lady had been mistaken there was no use even my cousin tried to defend me but the office lady said she was sure of what I had said. Being a kid and all I felt ashamed even though I knew I was telling the truth. Mrs. @PERSON1 decided to give me a demerit but deep inside I knew I said the truth and that's what matters.   As a kid it seems like the end of the world in these situations. Feeling anger because I wasn't able to do anything about it but now that I look back it brings a smile to my face because in my poor judgment I could just think of the teacher as being mean but now I see that it was just a big misunderstanding. Now around @NUM1 years have passed and this memory is still with me but I only get the best of it. When I hang out with my cousin @PERSON2 the base of our conversations are these funny moments of our childhood that only bring laughter, just remembering the foolish things we did when we were young. Sharing these moments bring us closer not only as a family but as friends and there is no better thing than enjoying moments of long lasting laughter with the people we love."
