 Laughter is like cooking; it brings people of every kind together, but the wrong food or the wrong time can bring discomfort to you and others around you, such as beans. Laughter is a medicine. Laughter is a universal language; you can speak @CAPS2 "language" with a foreign friend, even when you know not an ounce of their native tongue. Laughter differs, ranging in loudness, pattern, softness, and attitude. You laughed weeks into @CAPS2 world and you'll be laughing your way out of it as well. Sometimes in life, it is important to laugh! Laughter is forgiving and a nod to acceptance. It was my freshman year and I had arrived early that morning to keep my friend company who's mom had dropped her off at such an early time, due to transportation conflicts. I wasn't sure why we were even fighting or why we were on @CAPS2 particular subject; I only knew we had gone off on a "bunny trail" and @CAPS4 was picking me apart for something I had done weeks ago. Our voices were escalating and despite the fact our disagreement wasn't taking a turn toward the physical, our words were just as devastating, taking jabs below the belt and giving "black eyes" of sorts to both teams. @CAPS4 was right and I knew it, but did @CAPS4 really have to carry such an air of self-righteousness? I thought, "@CAPS1 @CAPS4 hadn't done what @CAPS4 did, I wouldn't have any secrets to spill." @CAPS2 was also wrong of me, but my attention wasn't focusing on that, but rather on deflecting her fiery words, sure to not let my guard down and start crying or something ridiculous like that.  "That only happenedone time!"@CAPS4 declared as @CAPS4 tried to defended herself. "@CAPS3 way, you didn't have to tell the whole world!" "I didn't tell the world," I objected. "I only told one person...who told one person, who told another person...and so on."@CAPS4 raised her eyebrow in a manner as @CAPS1 to say, "@CAPS5? You @CAPS6 know what I'm talking about." The air in the room was as stiff as our direction we were taking in our argument, going no where and getting to no point. The feeling was mutual; @CAPS4 was done with me, I was done with her. @CAPS4 leaned back casually against the wall, attempting to appear apathetic, when her ankle succumbed to gravity and the present moisture, grazing the surface and causing her to loose her footing. All the cool @CAPS4 once had was thrown out the window. Her shoe caught the slick surface of the tile, wet from where hundreds of trodden footsteps were left from that morning's downpour. Crashing down, @CAPS4 met the unforgiving, stone floor with a @CAPS7! which left her face dazed and pride altered. I wish that was how the conversation had gone--with her standing not three feet tall and me towering above her. Concealing the slight satisfaction that was lurking behind my dimples, I slowly slid down the wall that stood behind me, coming to eye level with her. I took one look into her eyes, as @CAPS1 they were waving a white flag and then the smug victory left me. I craned my neck backward, smiled at the ceiling and let out a giggle. I'm not sure what @CAPS4 thought about that at first yet slowly but surely, @CAPS4 managed a chuckle. My giggle triggered into a full-out laughter seizure, her catching on and soon leaving us both laying on the floor. There was nothing particularly special about that bleak, speckled tile, but it was that desolate stone we ended up sprawled on, heads huddled on and hands on our bellies, trying to steady our breaths back into normalcy that one early morning. Sure, I apologized and @CAPS4 accepted, but I think her forgiveness went without saying; laughter is not dependent on words. "@CAPS8," @CAPS4 managed with a smile. The laughter my friend and I had shared in that pre-school classroom carried throughout the day.  "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." That very distance brought assurance into the relationship I shared with my friend. No, it didn't solve our problems, but it reminded us of how silly and meaningless our petty arguments amounted to be, definitely something worth laughing at. Sure, her fall from grace triggered the expression of innocent surrender from my part, laughter, but it was the letting go of bitterness and the welcoming of a laugh from both sides that ended it all. So, no, while we were not on the same brave wave, our laughter was above picking sides--we were still speaking the same "language."
