 Have you ever laughed so hard that you cry? Your chest is bubbling with the laughter, and tears spilling out of your eyes; faces turn bright red and your body is practically having convulsions. This is not the forced kind of laughter, this is uncontrollable. This is pure joy. I laugh like this at least twice a day, tears and all. If it is even possible for your laugh reflexes to be connected to tear ducts, I swear I would have it. If I have a good laugh during the day, then I wont be so sad later to come. It has made me a much happier person. And it has even been able to bring me together with other people.  @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 was not a time when laughter was abundant in my life. This was a time in my life where I worried and would dwell on the past. I was a deep fourth grader. But my friends were much different. @CAPS4 did have their bad moods on occasion, and whenever we were feeling down we would sit on the @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Very creative, I know. This @CAPS2 was navy blue, and sat right at the corner of the playground right where the baseball field started. We would sit there and watch the whole playground during recess while reflecting on our stressful lives.  One day as we were dismissed to recess, four of my close friends and I went over to the @CAPS2. We watched as the boys ran as fast as @CAPS4 could to the field to get their daily game of football started. Almost every guy in the @ORGANIZATION1 would go to the baseball field and play touch football. It was the cool thing for the @ORGANIZATION1 studs. And sometimes the girls joined in too. While we were sitting there sulking on the @CAPS2, a few boys walked up to us.  "@CAPS3 to play some football with us? We could use more people!" @CAPS4 said. We weren't in the mood for playing football, but with the persistent nagging, we had to give in. The square field was soggy from the @ORGANIZATION2 rain, and the grass turned into muddy mush wherever you stepped. Us girls would avoid any contact and we ran much slower then the boys. But we managed to score a few points for our team, and duck for cover when needed. The football lightened our moods, and was much better at making us happy then the @CAPS1 @CAPS2. So a new tradition was formed. Every day we would go out with the boys and not have a care in the world as we chased each other around. We dove into the mushy mess of a field to save a ball, and lunged to tag any person we could get to. The @CAPS2 was out of all of our minds as we ran around having fun.  But one day while we were playing it was extra muddy from a storm the night before. It was hard to navigate as you were running around on the slick field. People were slipping and falling constantly. And then something amazing happened, it started raining all over again. But nobody had even thought of quitting. We just laughed and kept going. The rain blinded us, and the slick ground was no help. So a collision was inevitable. One of the girls picked up the football. The ball had been through a lot, and now it was covered in mud. She had a clear shot of the end zone, and sprinted the best she could given the circumstance. When out of nowhere a boy from the other team popped up in front of her. But instead of swerving to miss hitting him, she slid. It was a priceless moment, almost taken from a cartoon. Her legs slid out from under her and she landed square on her butt. Everyone on the field was already peeling over, clutching their stomachs from the laughter. But she continued to slide. The boy in front of her was too busy laughing to notice she was headed in his direction. That is when she took him out too. But he was unfortunate enough to land on his face. His body sprawled on top of hers with his head directly in the brown wet ground. Even the two that fell couldn't help but laughing. The game was halted as we all shared this priceless moment. We were brought together by a simple game of football, and uncontrollable laughter.
