 A moment that laughter made everything better was when I was with my cousin @CAPS1, in @LOCATION1. He is going off to the @CAPS2 pretty soon, so spending time together was the main goal. @CAPS1 and I have a a close bond, we talk as much as we can through the phone. This trip meant a lot to both @CAPS1 and I, we don't know how long it's going to be until we see each other again. Every laughter, and smile was something that we will always remember.  My parents and I went to @LOCATION1 for @CAPS4. In @LOCATION1 I met up with my cousins, since my parents seemed to be busy all the time. Of course when there is a group of teenagers, well it's going to be loud. I remember- on our @DATE1 in @LOCATION1- my cousins and I got lost in the town we stayed. Now let me say in that town there is no way someone can get lost, it's so small. So when we got lost, we found it so funny and unbelievable that we got lost. Fortunately it was during the @DATE1, it wasn't too scary. My cousins and I say it wasn't our fault, we blame the taxi driver for not listening to our directions. Because it was such a funny mess, we didn't stop laughing until we got to our destination. In the car all three of us were argued where to go and what turn to take, while the taxi driver just listened and laughed at us. It was so embarrasing, niether of us wanted to see that taxi driver again. @CAPS1 is older and way more taller than me, he was the tallest person in town. Now @CAPS1 is always talking about how he is not afraid of anything and that he is so brave. Until one night all of that was forgotten while @CAPS1 spent the @TIME1. I shared a room with my two other cousins and @CAPS1 stayed in the room next to ours with my brother. It was about @TIME1, when we all went to bed. Out of nowhere we hear a weird noise outside our room. The next thing I hear is @CAPS1 yelling in the other room, wanting to come sleep with us. I was scared also, so my cousins and I decided to let him come in. I turned on the light while @CAPS1 and my brother were coming inside the room. My brother @PERSON3 came in with all the blankets and pillows, while @CAPS1 came in with the airbed. It was such a funny sight so we all started laughing. @CAPS1 said " I @MONTH1 be big and tall but I get scared easily", that made us laugh even more. The noise turned out to be two cats fighting in the street. I remember this moment so clearly in my head since it concluded our entire vacation with each other as family. While my parents and grandparents were out in the front lawn with all the guest. My cousins, @PERSON3 and I were in my room- like always the funny moments happened in my room- we were just bored and didn't know what to do. Slowly I was beginning to fall asleep on top of a suitcase. All of a sudden my cousin @PERSON1 comes up with this crazy idea of how I can fit in a suitcase. I thought she was kidding, but when I looked up to see everyone's face, I knew they were serious. So here I am opening a suitcase, taking everything out meanwhile @CAPS1 goes and gets his camera. The next thing I know I'm getting inside the suitcase. I'm no acrobat, nor am I really flexible, so when I notice that I am having no trouble getting inside the suitcase, I freak out. My brother is practically peeing his pants from laughing so hard, my cousins are just baffled at what they were witnessing. When it came to zipping up the suitcase, I told them that was to far, but they convinced me to zip up the zipper so they could roll me around. @CAPS1, @PERSON1 my brother and my third cousin @PERSON2 all took turns rolling me around. They kept saying on how we should go out in the front lawn and surprise my parents. I came out of the suitcase- I felt so dizzy- after my brother dropped the suitcase on the cement floor. We laughed and made jokes on how tiny I am as well as how much fun it was after I felt a little better. Since then @CAPS1 calls me "@CAPS13". Saying goodbye to everyone was hard, but saying goodbye to my cousin @CAPS1 was even harder. Knowing that I won't see him in a long time is unbearable. @CAPS1 and I have a strong bond, and I see him like a brother. In our entire trip, neither of us could speak of him going, instead we chose to just have fun and ignore the pain. Laughing made that pain go away. It made our trip worth going.  
