 Laughter is a very important part of life, for many different reasons. Some @MONTH1 say that its vital to survive, one needs laughter to have a full and rich life. Sometimes laughter can hurt more than it helps. This is a statement I myself believe, and have concluded from the actions and outcomes in my life. Laughter can show emotions towards a statement, or lack of emotions. Laughter can make someone either depressed or happy. It is true when someone says there is a difference when someone is laughing at you, as opposed to someone laughing with you. When a friend or a group of friends laugh with me, its an amazing, self esteem raising emotion. This laughter brings friends closer, and causes us to trust each other more. One time I thought laughing was appropriate at the time but then later felt awful. One scorching @DATE1 day my friends and I decided to venture to the mall, being we lived in apartments and lacked the money for an air conditioner. We all agreed it was a splendid idea. When we reached the mall we were relieved by the cool breeze as the doors swung open, as if to greet us. All of us are very introverted so shopping around in an over crowded mall wasn't our cup of tea. Not knowing what to @CAPS1 we sat on a bench and did what we call people watching. Their was this girl, I will always remember her; @CAPS4 was one of those girls you peer at just for a minute and you know @CAPS4 was rich. A sort of stuck up girl, a walk where @CAPS4 means to exaggerate her hips and bounce her perfect bleach blond hair.  The girl passed by us and stuck her nose in the air as if we were not even remotely good enough to be in her presence. Quite a bit angry I stood up after @CAPS4 strolled past and mocked her strut. My friends found this hysterical. Roars of laughter leaped from their mouths. The pressy girl stopped proceeding forward and then started approaching us. @CAPS4 grimaces at us all snobby-like and says, "@CAPS1 you guys like have a problem or something?" @CAPS2 covered my face, I didn't know what to say. Fortunately my best friend stepped in and said, "@CAPS3, we think your dress is very pretty." @CAPS4 believed us, then walked off, in a rather less snobby sort of way.  Through this weird and interesting experience my friends and I learned a lot. One, people can hear you talking crap about them from a mile away. Two, laughter can bring friends together, but can also have some consequences. I @CAPS1 not know for sure if @CAPS4 did hear or see us mocking her. But I knew inside I felt a little bad. Sure laughing at her in the time felt right, amusing. Looking back on it, I feel awful. I have been in that same situation but on the receiving end. It is not pleasant having people talking crap about you behind your back and laughing uncontrollably. Laughing is very vital to life but needs to be appropriate.
