 Laughter is like feeling your alive, that nothing else matters, the pain in your life releasing, and the feeling that everything is alright. You laugh when things are funny and sometimes even laugh when they aren't funny maybe to make someone feel better or just to relax a little. When someone tells you a joke and its hilarious do you just sit and stare at them, or do you fall on the ground laughing? Personally I fall on the ground laughing hysterically. You can have the best of times when your laughing it lightens the mood a little, makes it less tense in the environment. I have enjoyed many times by laughing at the silly things we do or at the dumbest things we do and make them not as bad by laughing about it. My friend and I have been going on adventures since the third grade. We go on walks and get lost, we built forts in the middle of nowhere, we road her quad out to the sandy race tracks, and we climbed over fences to pass the time. Every little adventure we went on came back with a laugh and a huge story to tell are friends and family. After all these adventures and growing up you seem to lose interest but you never forget the good times you have. Let me tell you about a good time I had laughing so hard I even started crying. When your little you think things are a @CAPS1 more challenging @CAPS3 they really are, or things are a @CAPS1 more taller @CAPS3 they really are but that didn't stop me. When @PERSON1 and I were about @NUM1 years old we loved playing outside, climbing the trees, burying old treasures to find when we grew up, and spying on the neighbors. Well on this particular day @PERSON1 and I chose to "spy" on the neighbors. We enjoyed doing this cause they had kids, animals, and tons of cars so they were outside A @CAPS1. @PERSON1's dad had about ten tires just laying right next to their fence so usually we would stand on them plus on are toes just to peek over, but this time we felt that would be to obvious we needed to be more sneaky, more like a spike, and more secretive. Eventually @PERSON1's dad left to work and he stays gone for quite some time so we had things to prepare for. We thought of every possible way to look over the fence from drilling a hole to sitting on top of the shed. Finally after time to think about it we had the perfect idea to climb on the trash can and sit down and spy on them. Being brave as I was I volunteered to go first to make sure it would work so that after I was done @ORGANIZATION1 could try. Don't climb on trash cans next to a wooden fence, things don't turn out like you would of expected. As I got on top of the trash can it starts to shake and I was afraid so I held on to the top of the fence but the problem with that is I pushed the trash can further away from me causing it to tip over and me to hold on to the fence leaving me with the worst scraped hands I have ever seen. After the wild adventure we had I needed something to cool down my hands fast cause they were burning. So we had the idea to look in her dads shop van through the first aid kit but well we were in there I noticed a small fan hanging next to the radio so I turned it on and placed my hands in front of it for a good half hour. @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1 and I started talking about what had happened I thought about everything and couldn't stop laughing it made me cry because I was laughing so hard. Without laughter @PERSON1 and I wouldn't have the friendship we have today.  Laughing is the main source for friendship I feel. All the adventures @PERSON1 and I share, well they wouldn't be the same without laughing at it afterward. You can look back at things and be like, "@CAPS2 that really sucked." Or you can look at things and be like, "That is hilarious." @CAPS3 laugh tell you cry. I could see laughter being the shortest distance between two people because it helps make things less awkward, helps you realize your mistakes and joke about them, and it helps you be you without having to pretend your someone else. If friendships were based without laughter I don't know if they would be as good, well at least I know some of them for sure wouldn't be the same.
