 Its always hard to know what to do when a friend or family member comes to you when they are sad or mad. Most of the time you don't know what to do. I have learned that making people laugh with something as simple as a joke can always make them feel better. As I was sitting at home one sunny afternoon, I got a call from my friends @PERSON1. When I put the phone to my ear all I could hear was a loud crying. @PERSON1 wasn't saying anything to me, not one word. Even though, I repeatedly asked her what was wrong with her, @PERSON1 wouldn't even say a word. Not knowing what to do or say to her anymore, I asked her to calm down and take deep breaths. Desperately, I wanted her to be able to talk to me and tell me what was going on because I had started to get really worry. Couple minutes later, @PERSON1 started explaining to me what had happen. @PERSON1 started off by telling me she was irresponsible that she didn't pay attention to what was happening around her. I asked her why she was saying that about herself because I knew she was a responsible person. Finally, @PERSON1 screamed that while she was home watching the @CAPS1 basketball team play basketball, her dog @CAPS2 got run over. The dog had actually died. I found it very ridiculous and pathetic that @PERSON1 would be crying over her dog. I didn't want to be rude about it and tell her what was going threw my mind at that time. Even thought that was the way I felt about the whole situation. I thought of what the words I needed to say to @PERSON1 but I was confuse. Actually, it wasn't so much that I was confuse, I was afraid of hurting her feelings with my words. Finally, I decided to tell her not to worry about her dog, that my friend had a couple of dogs for sale. Also, I told @PERSON1 that if it made her feel any better I would buy her a new puppy. After saying that to her there was an awkward silence. My hands started to get shaky because I thought @PERSON1 was mad. All of the sudden I just heard her start laughing really loud and once again she couldn't talk. I felt so relief that I had made her laugh and not cry or get mad at me. @PERSON1 wouldn't shut her mouth she just laughed and laughed and laugh hysterically. Finally, she shut her mouth up and started talking to me again. @PERSON1 thanked me for making her laugh and making a joke out the situation. Rather than saying depressing words that would make her feel bad and make her cry even more. I was happy I made her laugh because she felt better about herself and not worst. As I was laughing I told her that anytime she needed to laugh I was the person she needed to be call. Anytime, any day and anywhere I would be happy to bring a smile to her face and a loud laugh to her mouth. @PERSON1 laughed with me and thank me one more time for making her laugh. From that day on I always like to make people laugh because I know I'm going to make them feel better. I sure love it when others make me laugh too. It's just an amazing feeling, a great feeling that everyone loves and cant really describe. After making my friend @PERSON1 laugh I found out laughter was a key element of life.   
