The @CAPS1 is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 great grandmother once told me that laughing adds and extra five years onto your life, she's currently @NUM1 years old. Laughing can bring a new element to relationships; they embark on a journey, whether it be between two friends, family members, or something more. More or less, laughter is an essential piece. Sometimes you feel closer to people because it breaks down that barrier between what defines acquaintance and friends, but that's actually how I met one of @CAPS3 good friends.  The incoming @CAPS11 were participating a traditional ritual (name game) that the high school puts the incoming @CAPS11 through at orientation. They were placing us in long lines that faced each other. For this particular game you had to shake hands and share your first and last name with your partner along with one interesting fact about yourself. Unsurprisingly, everyone found this task ridiculous and embarrassing, but we were able to laugh if off. A whole new feeling overcame the room. That overwhelming and uneasy feeling simply floated away and all because of laughter. It broke that barrier and allowed us to open up. I guess it really is true that "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS4 back some of @CAPS3 best friendships were brought up through laughter. When I joined the cross country team for instance, the whole team unlike most other sports teams was like one big family. We share socks, @CAPS5-@CAPS6, tee shirts, shorts, water, sometimes even our watches, but we've also shared a great amount of laughs. Even while we run we talk to our friends and joke around, but trust that laughing while running is not easy! I think @CAPS3 best memory of it all was when we had our "@CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9". The entire team of eighteen @CAPS7 or so met up at @LOCATION1's house about a week before districts. The @CAPS10 had to bring snack foods, @CAPS11 had to bring drinks, and @CAPS12 brought the candy, and the @CAPS13 all chipped in for the "main ingredient". That first bit of the @CAPS8 was alright, but all were in anticipation for that hour hand to strike twelve. When it did, we were @CAPS9. The "main ingredient" to that @CAPS8 was the toilet paper. We were going @CAPS9 on a tee-pee raid!  The first event was forking the coaches lawn; but not with just any old forks, these forks were special. For some reason the coach had this odd obsession with @CAPS14, so in spite of that a few of the @CAPS7 photo shopped his head onto the bodies of lawn @CAPS14. I was in pure amazement and not laughing was impossible. I don't think I ever could have @CAPS16 up with something so clever.  After that little stop we were onto the main event, the tee-peeing. We tried to tee-pee one of the brother's from the team, but there dad had already been waiting up. The other pair of brother's were next. All the cars slowly approached the culdesac, we lowered the the radios and shut off all the headlights. Just to be safe, everybody made sure to park at least four houses away and left all the doors open for a quick escape. Almost synchronized, everybody threw there first roll towards the the big tree on the side of the house. We kept missing and the rolls were would fall back down and unravel into the street, one could have called us the worst tee-peers ever. Then all of a sudden three figures came bolting @CAPS9 on skateboards with their own rolls of toilet paper yelling, "@CAPS15! Get back here you forgot something!". We were being ambushed! Sprinting back, we just barely made it to the cars. Still, something just didn't feel right. There was just this eerie feeling, like being in a horror movie. Then; suddenly, as we began to drive away, something big hit the car. In panic, @ORGANIZATION1 stopped the car and had to get @CAPS9 to make sure nobody had been hit. "@CAPS16 get your toilet paper!", a deep voice yelled. All the @CAPS7 started screaming in terror. What was going to happen now? What was even going on? Were we going to be killed? No,and fortunately we weren't killed that @CAPS8! In relief we discovered that it was only @PERSON1, @PERSON2, and @LOCATION2, but I might as well have had a heart attack. Instantaneously, the whole group burst @CAPS9 in laughter and I had been laughing so hard that I began to cry. I've ever laughed so much or so hard in @CAPS3 life and I'll ever forget it.  Laughter @MONTH1 not have brought just two people together, but nearly twenty. When districts came and passed, I know everyone was sad to see the season @CAPS16 to a close. It was the @CAPS13 last season and nobody wanted to see them leave; but all the great times we had will never be lost, and bonds are @CAPS2. 
