 Laughter is something everyone needs in their life. We all need some humor, and even sometimes, we need to laugh at ourselves. You need a laugh, a smile and a sense of humor to live life to it's fullest. When people take things other have said, differently, or even thinking a joke was said way too harsh, and they take it the wrong way. People told me, "you need a sense of humor, you know?" @CAPS1, I feel bad for taking it too seriously. Back, my sophomore year, I was going through a rough time. With friends, and family becoming more and more apart from each other. I don't even remember laughing or smiling last year. Let's just say, through the first four to five months of sophomore year, it was hard trying to crack at a simple joke. Once, sophomore year was coming to a close, I realized there was more to life @CAPS1 moping around in my own self-pity. It was getting close to @DATE1 vacation and I know I wanted to make @DATE1, and my junior year, my year, and that no one would ruin it for me. After from being all sad and not having any fun, and laughing at the jokes my dad made about me, I know I needed to hang out with him a lot more. When my dad and I hung out, we had more laughs @CAPS1 I couldn't even remember having. It was a really good memory to have. Especially with my dad. My self-esteem was getting a lot better @CAPS1 it use to be. I was really happy with myself that I only tried once, and now I had a better relationship with my dad, too. So far, life was going great for me. I realized that I was more happy when I recognized myself and told people the real truth about me. I have to say, I never smiled, nor laughed as much as I did in a while. The truth about me was that I was diagnosed with gender identity disorder. I didn't go through any therapy, I just knew it was the real me, and it was probably why I was so sad my sophomore year. When I discovered myself, I knew there was a lot more to life @CAPS1 getting a better reputation. I was able to smile a lot more and just appreciate everything and everyone wanting to become my friend, or even get to know me a lot more. It was a really good feeling knowing that people wanted to be interested in me a lot more and would ask me questions about who I wanted to be called, and what a trans-gender was. I felt wanted, interesting, secure, and most of all; happy. I know I was going to get more harassment down the road from coming out. I got a lot of restricted numbers calling me and I laughed at all of them who sent me hate mail, calls, and text messages. It was really worth the laugh, because I knew what I was talking about and they didn't know a thing about transgenders, or gender identity disorder. Hanging out with my dad and more friends really paid off. I survived through a hot @DATE1 and now it was time for school. I was really excited for it to start, and even more excited for the sports ahead of me. I knew I was gonna kick butt my junior year and not let anyone get in the way of it. When it was around my birthday, like, a month into the school year, I realized I needed someone there all the time to just make me laugh and smile all the time. Not that I wasn't smiling or laughing, I just know I needed it more in my life. There was a girl that started talking to me on @CAPS2-book. She was really cute, her personality fit her so well and already she knew how to make me smile so big, my cheeks would end up burning. Her name was @PERSON2, and that also fit her, everything was just so great about her. We ended up talking on the phone at twelve, in the @TIME1, on my birthday. By far, that was the best night I had in a while and the sweetest thing anyone has every done for me. @PERSON2 and I hung out that weekend at @CAPS3 @CAPS4, in @LOCATION1. When we headed up there her friend, @PERSON1, was singing to the songs by @CAPS5, while @PERSON2 mocked her squeaky voice. I never laughed so hard that my stomach would cringe in pain. So, you see, having a lot of people there to make you laugh is a really amazing feeling to have. You even have to laugh at yourself and make fun of how idiotic you sounded. Getting to know someone new is a perfect feeling, especially when they make your heart melt, and give you butterflies every time they say something sweet to you. Even just to make your @CAPS2 light up with a smile.
