 Green is not my favorite colorLaughter is an indulging part of life that a variety of people @MONTH1 enjoy or @MONTH1 not enjoy. Humor happens to be infectious. The sound of roaring laughter is far more contagious than any cough, sniffle, or sneeze. When laughter is shared upon one another, it binds people together and increases happiness and intimacy. Having to pick out one of the million laughter memories I have had was nearly impossible for me to decide, because every moment I spend opening my mouth and bursting out my "ha-ha-ha" with joy and excitement. I try to indulge the person I spent it with and the exact memory that happened.  It was the @DATE1, @CAPS1 for many of us @DATE1 is one of the most enthusiastic times of our twelve months in the year. I was going to be hosting a pool party with all of my friends, @CAPS12 I needed to clean it out because it happened to be awfully disgusting from all the year long seasons that the weather decided to bring down. I didn't think it would be that much of a deal because that was the only way I would be able to host my party with my parents permission. @CAPS1 if you know me well enough, I am the average typical teenage girl that probably texts more than @NUM1 texts a day. So since I can't keep my white, somewhat sweaty hands off my phone you @MONTH1 already have a feeling of what happens next. If you taught I dropped it. Your absolutely wrong. Not surprisingly after cleaning out my pool for about one hour I finally finished, @CAPS2 I texted my boyfriend telling him that my pool was no longer green anymore. He replied with ".......?" I questioned myself if I had sent the wrong message to the wrong person so I checked my history and it turns out that I had wrote to him, " @CAPS3 my poop is no longer green anymore." I was literally mortified. I didn't know what emotion to feel or what to expect from him later that day. I decided to just pretend it didn't happen anymore. So later that day my pool party started. Everyone showed up and looked at me in a weird way then usual @CAPS12 I was to ecstatic and pumped to my favorite song by my favorite singer @NUM2. As everyone showed up they all had a present bag in there hand, I wondered to myself why they brought presents if it wasn't anybody's birthday it was just a casual pool party to welcome everyone's favorite season, @DATE1. So I asked the question to my best friend and she told me, "@CAPS4 we know its nobody's birthday @CAPS12 @CAPS5 texted all of us telling us you had green poop, and you were not feeling well so we went to @CAPS6 to buy you @CAPS7-@CAPS8, and @CAPS9 @CAPS10 ." I was petrified and to be honest actually laughing insanely hard. So I stood up in front of all my guest and told them what had really happened and we all laughed historically. Without exception we kept the party going, and I eventually saw my boyfriend coming. I walked up to him and all we did was laugh with compassion and didn't mention one word about what had happened.   Once the party was over and it became dawn we decided to have a bonfire and get cozy with our loved one, and just all us friends bond with one another. You can guess what happened next, we began to talk about what had happened earlier and I can honestly say I don't think I have laughed that hard in my fifteen years alive. Rapidly our curfew had almost expired for the day, so all my friends left and they made a nickname for me, "@CAPS11." @CAPS12 the funniest part about this story that I will never forget is, that when all my friends left, my boyfriend decided to take me out and get a burger at our local, also known as the best hamburgers in our town. As we finished eating a mother came along with her baby boy. I had to take a few seconds out of my life to carry it, and make my dummy looking face in order to make it jiggle a bit. @CAPS12 little did I know that the baby had just eaten. So you can imagine what happens next, green vomit gets all over me. I was honestly not mad, nor embarrassed. I just laughed so hard that I could feel my abs working out and tears from my eyes coming out. I believe in each and everyone of our lives we all have a special moment we desire to worship forever. It @MONTH1 be sad, embarrassing or even a comical quality type of moment we indulge in our memory. So till this day I am still known as "@CAPS11" to my friends, and there is no doubt that I will ever forget this memory.
