 Laughter--as we all know @CAPS4--is a visual expression of happiness, or in inward feeling of joy. @CAPS4 @MONTH1 insure from telling a joke, being tickled, or from some other random stimuli. @CAPS4 is in most cases, a very pleasant sensation. By that means, laughing has an enormous impact on each and every one of us throughout our everyday lives. Laughter tends to enlighten our emotions by expressing them in many good, cheerful, and lastly, positive ways. However, @CAPS4 is proven that laughter is far more contagious than any cough, sniffle, or sneeze.When laughter is shared, @CAPS4 binds people together and increases the intimacy and happiness. Around @TIME1--which happens to be exactly when my third period class begins, I was supposed to be in my @CAPS1 class at the time, but with my luck--I wasn't. You are probably thinking, "@CAPS2, if she is not in her third period class, then where is she?" I actually ended up in the computer lab, beginning my state writing test once again. I defiantly wasn't too thrilled about taking the writing test over again, but in my heart, I knew deep down inside that I could pass the state writing test this time without any if, and, or buts, which are also known as the worst things ever--excuses. There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that I was going to walk out of the room, realizing that I could of done better--that's for sure. My self confidence was set to an exceedingly high standard with absolutely no negatives thoughts to think of. I was ready to face the test--once again. As soon as I entered the computer lab, I almost nearly sat down as fast as a fly trying to dodge a fly swatter. I took an immense deep breath--like usual, and began to log into the computer. In between the time I was waiting for my computer to get logged in, I sat there gazing around the room, with nothing more to do, then to visualize what I was going to type my state writing test about. Once the teacher approved my log-in, I started typing all of my private information into the blank squares, so that I could begin my next steps.Within seconds I was ready to begin my test. On the screen appeared several topics that were listed below to choose from, but there was only one of them that I felt most satisfied with, and that I felt I could score exceedingly high in. The topic was, "We all understand the benefits of laughter. For example, someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Many other people believe that laughter is an important part of any relationship. Tell a true story in which laughter was on element or part."  The minute I selected that subject, I honestly had no idea what I was going to write about because during my childhood life I had numerous laughter moments that had occurred, and nearly every story that I could remember had to of been more than @NUM1 words. So, I quietly sat there thinking-- just how I knew I would be.  During the moment, I heard this very irritating sound, which was the from the many taps from the kid's keyboards, and numerous annoying clicks from the computer mouses. @CAPS4 was very obvious that the students understood their topic quite @CAPS2--unlike me.  Minutes had flew by so quickly, and yet, still nothing. Not a single story to share about laughter. By then, I was very upset with myself, because if you really think about @CAPS4, who does not have a story to write about that deals with laughter? I knew I had some sort or kind of story to share, @CAPS4 was just harder for me to summarize one up and type about @CAPS4.  Just then, as I was going to begin my essay, a younger student, (that had been taking a state reading test), loudly shouted, "@CAPS3!" The little kid not only caught myself, but the rest of the class as @CAPS2. I honestly swear @CAPS4 was a "had to of been there moments." @CAPS4 wasn't just for the fact that he said @CAPS3 exceedingly loud, but the expression that was on his face, and the way he announced @CAPS4 to everyone in the computer lab--@CAPS4 nearly killed me inside. The little boy was so thrilled and proud of himself that he had passed. Obviously he was very eager to let the entire class know--which is probably something I would have done as @CAPS2.  Almost as quickly as he announced @CAPS4, I knew this was a laughing moment to not only remember, but to share with others as @CAPS2. In fact, if truth be told, this short story just so happened to not only make my day, but he had made my state writing assessment topic many times less stressing for me. Clearly as you can see, laughing indeed does seem to have an enormous impact on each and everyone of us throughout our everyday lives, and sometimes those moments are meant to be shared.
