 Well it all started with the day he came to the airport. Missing him so much hardly ever getting to see him or have him return your phone calls like a @CAPS2 brother should, but it is always a blessing t see him and have him over for the holidays its amazing how he found time during the @DATE1 to come and visit us. it was well fortunate because now i didn't have to hear him cry all the time on its too cold and wet out here. So it was pretty good but because it was the @DATE1 it was normally about the time i go out and hang out with my friends and girls and now that started talking to this really beautiful girl that lives right around the corner from my house i was dying to go out and be with her but since time was really short with him i had to put my @CAPS2 brother first before anything.But then again every chance i got man i left and sneaked away to go see her. she was so beautiful so funny man she was s perfect to me it was crazy like a dream. I would tell my brother all the time about her. He would always tell me even if she was real it was impossible for a girl to be like that. It was the first day he spent the night everybody was so happy in the house from the time we picked up from the airport to the drive home talking making jokes about how much he changed how tight his cloths are. It was good we even stopped at burger-vile to get a couple burgers cause fat boy was so hungry all the time non stop eating. We shortly arrived home and the look on my little brother and sisters face was priceless there mouths open so wide like if they just saw god. As they came running towards he wasn't so prepared for it slowly still putting his bags down by the door he gets tackled and ruined over by a @NUM1 year old girl and a @NUM2 year old boy it was funny seeing them so happy and excited it was a surprise for them we were only supposed to get gas ha ha ha. Then after we sat down and talked all night when we rented movies earlier that day to watch, as a family but like my family nothing ever happens accordingly or on time. You know when your having fun and laughing you don't want it to end and you forget about everything let time go by and keep on doing what you do. But as time catch's up to you ad running on low energy because you been excited all day to see your @CAPS2 brother and to share story's tell jokes and laugh having a good time you get sleepy and in some real need of some rest like sleep in your bed in the covers and with the lights off, in silence. Oh good times having pleasant dreams of food and girls. Most of the time there put together in one hole dream after dream ha ha ha. Then we woke up had a great time shared some laughs in the morning cracking joke nonstop. Talking hanging out i got to take my @CAPS2 brother to some party's of mine which really scared my parents but it was funny at the same time cause before we left my mom was like okay we letting you g out don't get yourself into any shit @CAPS1 don't alright your dads going to b picking you up so don't be acting stupid look after your brother okay and right after i said yeah alright bet. i questioned it and was like what the hell? why do i have to look after my @CAPS2 brother he should be looking out for me. but i guess that's what made it funny. ever since then we had a good time and that's where this story ends with me saying goodbye at the airport to him. hoping that one day soon ill see him again soon.
