  It was a normal bright and warm @DATE1 day, going into my fifth grade year. My older sister and I had been playing all day with my other neighbors that were around our age. One of those neighbors happened to be a boy. We could not find anything to do. It was too hot out to just go walk around in the sun, so we decided that it would be cool to play in the shade with the new slingshot my @CAPS1 had made. He made it out of an old swing set seat and I thought my neighbor would really enjoy it.  We all headed into our garage to get it. My sister offered to get it down for me since she was taller and it was hanging up pretty high, but I refused. It was my idea to show him so I would be the one to get it. As I was in total concentration, stretching and reaching to grab it, I noticed everyone around me giggling. My concentration got weaker as I begun to wonder what they were all laughing at. I stood there confused for a minute before I had found out what happened. My sister pulled down my pants.. in front of our boy neighbor. I picked my pants up off the ground, looked straight at my sister, and started beating her with my flimsy loose fists. I ran straight to my room, crying all the way there.   My sister came in a few moments later trying to bribe me out from under the covers with the last two fruit role ups. She sat on my bed waiting for a half an hour, I didn't budge. She did not say anything but I could feel her eyes piercing me through the sheets. Later that night I finally came out. My sister kept on apologizing but it didn't matter to me because I was upset with her, that's all that mattered. The whole next day passed and nothing had changed. She was still apologizing and I was still in the ignoring mood. My @CAPS1 came up to me and told me that she was terribly sorry and upset too because I was not talking to her. I thought in my head, " how could she be upset.." but I realized I had not treated her right, even though I wasn't happy with her.   After hearing what my @CAPS1 had said, I decided that it wasn't worth it. I went and talked to my sister for the first time in days. She told me that she didn't mean to hurt my feelings, she was just messing around. After talking about it for a while I concluded that I got so upset because she did it in front of our friend. We joke around like that all the time, but it's never in front of anyone besides family. I was scared that it would have frightened our neighbor friend away, but he was back to play in a few days so I had nothing to be mad about.   Even though I was embarrassed, I admitted that it was pretty funny. We had a good laugh about it and were no longer enemies. I learned that dwelling over the past gets you nowhere and you have to learn to laugh things off. Ever since then, every time it is brought up, we laugh so hard tears role down our face. I would not have considered it a good thing when it happened, but I do now. It is another memory that my sister and I share and can reminisce about. The more laughable memories you share, the closer it brings you to some one.
