 A few years back me and my dad were siting at home watching @CAPS1. My little sister and her friend @PERSON1 were running in and out of our apartment. Every time they came inside they repeatedly didn't shut the sliding glass door, finally my sister shut the door but her friend @PERSON1 didn't know, he was running so fast and before he knew it he was going fast first into a sliding glass door!  My dad and I were laughing so hard i almost peed myself. After we finally stopped laughing and went to go check on him and he looked really confused about what just happened. We looked at the door and without a doubt it had a slobber mark going up the door as if his face was slid across it. Meanwhile after more laughs and fun things calmed down and we went back to watching @CAPS1. My dad fell asleep and his cat was laying next to him, my dad kind of woke up and looked around after a few minutes he started watching @CAPS1 again. My older brother walked into the room and saw that the cat was sleeping and took an advantage over it and slammed his hands on the chair. It scared the cat and it jumped about two feet into the air, Once again we started laughing really hard but this time my stomach started hurting. @DATE1 on about @DATE1 my dad my bother and I were working in our garage and found an electrical @ORGANIZATION1 starter. My dad told me to hold the metal ends and so i did. He flipped the switch and next thing i know i was being electrocuted. We all started laughing once again. Next it was my brothers turn but he said he wanted to hold the ends and push the button himself, when he did he couldn't let go because his muscles tensed up and left him @CAPS4-able to free himself from a nine volt shock. My dad and I fell to our knees and were almost in tears cause it was so funny. After a few more rounds of shocking ourselves we came up with the idea to put it on our tongues, i tried it first and my tongue started pulsing like a beating heart. My dad couldn't keep himself together long enough to keep holding the button. As a result to all these great funny times we had our @ORGANIZATION1 starter broke, we gave our cat away , and @PERSON1 moved. In better words funny times @MONTH1 be in the past but there always in your memory to bring a smile to our faces.. 
