 Laughter is a huge part of life, in fact it is all i wanted to see my grandfather @PERSON1, do before his final days. I remember when i was about five years old i loved to draw, it didn't matter what it was as long as i had fun. My grandpa would give me helpful tips on shading, texture, and the over all image itself. One of my favorite things to see was the smile on his face after I figured out how to use his techniques. We would always have a good time together, he was an artist himself who has painted most of the pictures in his house, along with a few at restaurants. I spent most of my childhood in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION3, @ORGANIZATION2, which is where my grandparents lived. I can't remember the last time i was at @CAPS1 lanes bowling alley, but i can remember my first time. It was with my grandparents, and there was so much for a young kid like me to do there. Another time about @NUM1 years back, my grandpa went to heat up his coffee in the microwave, and instead of putting his coffee in, he found potatoes. He instantly made hash browns out of them and we had a good laugh. There is a lot i wish i got to do with my grandparents, like go fishing, or even camping. Yet there is a lot i did do with them, my grandpa also painted my boy scouts derby wooden race car. When ever i had a race or competition with boats, cars, or planes, he was the one to paint them. He would come to every race to see how i did, and for some odd reason i got @NUM2 place most of the time. My grandparents also had a collie dog named @ORGANIZATION1, i named him when i was young. He and I grew up like buddies together, and my grandpa @ORGANIZATION1 and I would always go on walks together. My grandpas favorite thing to do with the dog was train him. He's the most obedient dog I've ever seen, he would go to the mail man and get the mail to bring back, he opened and closed doors if it had a rope, he would even get my grandmas slippers in the bedroom. When i lived in @LOCATION4, @ORGANIZATION2, everyday after school i would be picked up by my grandparents and go to their house and wait to be picked up by my mom until i was old enough to be alone. Grandma would always help me with math homework and cook dinner and then afterwords grandpa would help me with drawing or turn my favorite @CAPS2 show on. When i was young i would go over to there house in the morning and grandpa would have recorded my favorite show "@CAPS3 the @CAPS4". Every morning that was the routine, and then breakfast. Later on in my life when I became more independent i didn't go over to their house as often as I used to and it is something I cant take back. A few home videos I've looked at recently reminded me of a good time with them, my grandpa was recording me chase the dog around the kitchen table and i stubbed my toe. Apparently it was humorous to my family, all who were laughing in hysterics. Another time when I as younger my grandpa was a barber shop owner and cut hair for years in @LOCATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, and at his house one time i didn't know what a "mullet" was but i knew it was a hair style. I pleaded and pleaded until he finally gave in and gave me a mullet hair cut, i was astonished to what it looked like and immediately hated it. The last @CAPS5 I spent with my grandpa I bought lot's of presents for him and my family. Thanks to the @DATE1 job i had on the eastern part of the state, i was able to get a heating blanket that covered his whole bed, a couple movies, and his favorite " @CAPS6" chocolates. I can honestly say it was the happiest I had saw him in a long time, which made me happy too. When the day is over and you reflect on how everything had gone, you will notice the best of times are only a laugh away.
