 "@PERSON1, @CAPS1 up! It's almost time you to go to school!"  @CAPS2 mom yelled at fuzzy hair, half-opened eyes, and yawing boy. That's me. Today is a first day of @CAPS2 first new middle school. Our family moved to a new place, that's why I had to move a school too. I woke up and took a shower and wore @CAPS2 school uniforms with exciting and nervous mind, because I didn't know anyone from @CAPS6 new school. When I arrived to the school, students who are same age as me started to scream out loud for sadness of school days that are coming up or excitement of meeting their friends again. On the other hand, I was depressed and confused because of these hyper students and the new school. I shook @CAPS2 head off and started to concentrate finding @CAPS2 classroom. '@CAPS3 hah! There it is.' @CAPS4, I found @CAPS2 classroom and when I stepped in, @CAPS5 looked at me curiously for a while, since I was the "new" kid to @CAPS6 school. I sat alone and waited for teacher to come. During I was waiting, I put @CAPS2 head down and slept a little bit with no smile on @CAPS2 face. Suddenly, teacher opened the door and spoke loudly, "@CAPS5 sit down and be quiet!" @CAPS6 teacher must be the most strict teacher I've never seen. While teacher was writing down something on the whiteboard, the students were trash-talking about the first sight of the teacher. It was terrible for yelling at the student when you saw for the first time. For example, I knew a kid who went to a private school and transferred to a public school. I had a same class with him and I was his partner. Since I didn't know him very well, I started to ask questions about him. At first, he answered back nicely to me and I thought, 'We could be close friends from @CAPS6 class.' @CAPS7 it was wrong. He started to talk loud to me when teacher was explaining something to us and it got me into trouble for talking with him. Other students hated him for being distracted during class and he often asked useless questions to the teacher really loudly. Also, he had weirdest perfume smell that he thought it was cool to wear. @CAPS5 thought he was annoying which caused to a small fight. @CAPS8 arguing with other friends, he stopped coming school and now we don't even know where he is at. Like @CAPS6, it shows that the first sight is really important to have in relationships with other people. When I heard that the first sight is really important from other students who were sitting behind me, it changed @CAPS2 mind to an open mind such as having a smile on @CAPS2 face. I though, ' I shouldn't be like that kind of teacher's first sight. Maybe I should change @CAPS2 face looking with smiling and some confidence on it.' @CAPS8 that class, I started to put smile on @CAPS2 face and thought positively. I tried to be participate for the class and worked hard for making new friends in the new school. Therefore, the other student opened their mind as well and started to ask things about me. For example, it was like these questions; 'why did you come to @CAPS6 school?', 'what sports do you like most?', 'what game do you play?', and etc. From those aggressive questions, laughter can change @CAPS2 looking and make good relationships. How did I know? When I first entered to @CAPS2 classroom with concerning face on it, @CAPS5 just stared at me and looked like they didn't want to know about me. @CAPS8 putting laughter on @CAPS2 face, they started to feel comfortable than the first time. Changing me depressed face was @CAPS2 starting point in the new school. I started to make a lot of friends which it became a way for me to be a class leader. I felt really amazing and awesome that how "the new guy" can be the leader of @CAPS6 class. I felt proud of myself and thought of happiness that I actually started to have laughter on @CAPS2 face since the teacher didn't look good without a laughter.
