 Laughter is the only characteristic a person could perfect. Laughter is the element that could bring a group of people into a tight bond of friends. Laughter is the ultimate answer to success and happiness in life, and this is what the story of mine demanded me to say about laughter. Many times my family of four departs to go camping during the @DATE1. Family friends enjoy coming along with us on these vacations. A couple summers ago while on a camping trip with my family and lots of friends, I experienced and learned what true, rich laughter could do that changed my life. Whether I learned from the telling of funny stories at campfire, playing little practical jokes on each other, or just some old friendly card games of hearts, I really began to realize what the these times had meant to me. My best gal friend and I were expecting these three boys to join us all week. When the time came that they should arrive my friend and I started plotting out our secret plan. It was the boys duty before they could go out to the lake and start boating, to set up their tent. They managed to make a @NUM1 minute task take two hours, bravo to them. The three lost boys were at the water now as they had finally finished and could stand not to be anywhere but the lake any longer. While they were down swimming my friend and I took their hard worked tent and ripped out the stakes to collapse it first, only to then turn it inside out second. What better way to welcome new comers then to start off things with a good sense of humor.  The boys however didn't think it was quite so funny, however by @TIME1 fall they had a plan rising within them that my friend nor I knew was coming for us. Wake up call rolled around at about four in the @TIME2 for us two girls in a non-sound proof tent. We had a very loud wake up call that sounded as if the ducks were in a war zone against each other. We found out later, that the ducks found sandwiches mysteriously placed in a direct circle all around our tent. It was game on after the boys pulled that prank. It's hard for guys to get you back, if they're stuck in a tent. A zip tie would do the job. In the middle of the @TIME1, sneakily crawl over and zip tie their zippers together. Just as my friend and I thought this was the perfect way to get the boys back, one of our co-partners went and told the guys our plan. The three amigos then wanted to turn around and do it to us first. The next @TIME2 my friend and I woke, we tried to climb out of the tent and that was a little hard to do. Our zippers were tied together and that's not so great of mix when you have us girls that really need to use the restroom. One of the boys had a pocket knife with him and he was playing like cat and mouse with us, barely letting the knife out of our reach. When I finally had hold of the small blade, I ripped open the zippers, gently tossed the knife to the ground and ran to the ladies room. When I got back to blood on the ground, I found that it wasn't as gentle of a toss as I thought it was. The same guy that gave us the knife to use, put his foot in the way of the ever so slightly tossed knife. Once he was home his mom took him to the hospital to get stitches. Campfire that @TIME1 was a hoot. Cards together was hilarious too because by the end we knew how each person was going to play, pretty much we knew who would win and who would come in dead @TIME1. Even with someone having a cut open foot we were on the ground rolling around because we're laughing so hard. My gal friend and I took off the make up and jeans, put on a baggy sweatshirt and up do with our hair and really just had a great time that @TIME1. It was the @TIME1 together there on the camping trip and it was nice to know we were having a good time laughing, with just being our self's and expressing without trying to impress. Later as we're all talking about these stories and jokes pulled on each other, we came to recognize that these are the kinds of moments people live for. Laughing brought us closer together, we weren't friends before and now after our times shared we're exceptionally close best friends. Our friend relationship with each other was brought into contact by laughing in harmony together, by the @TIME1 spent together, by harmless little jokes played on each other, by turning a camping trip in to something much more meaningful.
