  Laughter is important  The last two weeks of school, and I was told the best news ever. My mom had told me that I would be flying to @LOCATION1, by myself. I was excited because I haven't seen my family in awhile. Even though @CAPS1 been on a plane a couple of times, I was still scared, I have never flew by myself, so this was going to be something extremely new. Even though I was excited and scared at the same time, I just kept thinking about seeing everyone in my family, and even meeting family members that I have never seen or heard from before. School seemed to be going by very slow, and I was very anxious. When two weeks passed I already had my bags packed and was ready to go. My mom was trying not to cry, but she did anyways. I walked threw the metal detectors then down a long hall way, finally I had got on the plane. On the plane ride I was thinking about meeting my real dad, and that's all I was thinking about the whole time I was on the plane. I landed in @LOCATION1 at @NUM1 pm that day. I was glad too because I was tired. My sister picked me up from the airport. Me and my sister didn't have a close relationship, so it was kind of awkward. She started talking about times when we were younger, and how we had fun. Since I was in @LOCATION1 I wanted to see a lot of my family members, most of my family members already knew that I was in town, news travels fast. When my aunt's seen me they were in shock, they said that I had grew so much. I was so happy because it was one of the best moments ever. I met so many people, especially family friends, it was a amazing because I even met some of my moms school friends. Days after, I had got a text message from one of my sisters that I have never seen or met before, and she was so happy to know that I was in town. She told me that she and my dad wanted to see me, and spend some time together, so we made plans. I was really nervous, because the only time that I have seen my dad was when I was really young. That was fifteen years ago. I really didn't know what I was going to do or say when I was finally going to meet them, I was very scared, so I decided to take my sister and my cousin just so it wouldn't be awkward. We decided to meet at my grandmas house. I haven't seen her in awhile, and unfortunately she wasn't there. When my dad got there, I didn't know what to do, I didn't recognize him, or even my other sister. We gave each other hugs. When we got into the house we were all quiet, and all my dad could say was "@CAPS2" because I grew so much. He then started talking about the silly little things I did when I was a little girl, and it made us all laugh. All we did was laugh, and it made me cry a little. If it wasn't for laughing my relationship with my dad couldn't have been better. 
