 It was @DATE1 seventh and I had invited my two best friends, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2, to go to my boyfriend's football game with me. It would be the first time for them to meet him since he went to a different high school than we did. Our plan was to get off the bus at my house and then my @CAPS3 would take us to his game later. When we arrived at the end of the lane we started walking up to my house. Then all of the sudden "ahhhhhh, @CAPS1 my god!" @PERSON2 and I were both screaming at the top of our lungs, "@CAPS2 a... ahhhh!". @PERSON2 and I had almost stepped on a dead snake that was laying in the lane. While this was going on @PERSON1 had no idea what the problem was or why we were screaming. We looked back at her and saw a completely puzzled look on her face which we found absolutely hilarious so we burst out laughing. She soon figured out that we had been startled by the snake and also started in "you guys are so funny @CAPS2 just a dead snake". We talked and laughed our way up to my house. @CAPS4 we had caught up a little and I had changed into my boyfriends #@NUM1 jersey, we went downstairs to eat. We sat down at the table with our bowls of chili and started eating. My @CAPS3 came over and put her bowl down then went back into the kitchen to get something. When she came back she had napkins and another bowl, I playfully ask her "are you really hungry @CAPS3?" she said "no..uh why?" That's when the girls and I started laughing hysterically again, "@CAPS3 you have two bowls you are obviously very hungry" I giggled. She turned a little red and then said back "well I do love chili, I can't ever seem to get enough of it" then she laughed a little "your probably right I should just start with one bowl."  @CAPS4 we gathered the blankets for the stands we left. On our way up we made a pit stop at the famous @ORGANIZATION1. I was so exited to see my boyfriend and to have my friends come along that coffee was probably not the best idea, but we stopped anyway. While we were in there waiting for our coffee we passed the time by making faces through the nearby window at people who happened to drive by. We were cracking up over the looks people gave us, some looked like @CAPS5 thought it was funny while others looked like @CAPS5 thought we had escaped from a nut house. Soon enough our drinks were ready and we headed out the door. Then as we were walking to the car some guy whistled at us. We hopped in the car and then lost it when we saw that it was some guy who was dressed up in one of those statue of liberty costumes.  We were almost at the school and I was bouncy from the caffeine and excitement mix. My @CAPS3 had never driven to @PERSON3's school before, while my dad had only was busy that night. I was trying to keep calm while giving her directions in a very giggly manner. I started off by saying "you go straight up here @CAPS3" the my @CAPS3 and the girls said "honey you can't go straight up here". "yes you can" I argued then @CAPS4 a while @PERSON1 said "girl look you could go straight but you ain't gonna see @PERSON3 if you do". I realized @CAPS5 were right and told my @CAPS3 "don't turn, just turn right" she got confused cause I had said the directions wrong so she turned left. I started to freak, screaming "no no no! we have to turn around I meant right" @CAPS5 all burst out laughing at me "man calm down woman, we just have to turn around" said @PERSON2. We finally got back on track and I tried to give clear directions. I wasn't completely positive where the turn off was for his school so I told my @CAPS3 to go slow, when we passed it and I freaked out again. "@CAPS1 @CAPS3 we have to turn around" @CAPS5 all laughed at this and then my @CAPS3 said that she was testing me to see if I could be patient. We all laughed again. When we got there and hopped out to pay and get in. We got there in in time to see the guys come out of the locker room. I got another dose of excitement, @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 started to walk away so I could wave at @PERSON3. I pulled on their shirts and begged them to stay because I didn't want to be the only person waiting. Then I saw him run past and before I knew it I leaped off the ground and waved frantically. I saw him smiling as he ran onto the field, my friends laughed at how I jumped and we enjoyed the game.
