 Laughter is something that is there when you are happy. Laughter is there when we are having fun and when we are in a good mood, it makes us smile. Many times there are things that happen that make you laugh. For example; someone trips over your backpack and @CAPS7 fall @CAPS3 their face. You can't help it but laugh! Then you start feeling bad and wish you wouldn't of laughed at them for tripping, but then you start remembering how @CAPS7 fell and you think about it and you end up laughing so hard that you can't stop until you get in trouble. Laughter is a big part of your life that their isn't at least a time of day that you don't laugh. Everybody in my family is fun and @CAPS7 always make me laugh. Their isn't a time when we are quiet and one of us has to say "awkward silence." We are always laughing and having fun and we are never sad. Let me tell you about the one time my family was laughing when we went back in time to remember those times that we now call "good times." I will tell you how laughter is a big part in my family. And how embarrassment is involved. It is a beautiful sunny day @CAPS3 @DATE1. Today was a big day for me, @ORGANIZATION2. It was the day I was going to have my @CAPS1 party. I woke up, took a shower, went to my mom's @ORGANIZATION1 and sat down @CAPS3 a chair to have my hair done. I was wearing my @PERSON1 pajamas with a black shirt that said "@CAPS2 @CAPS3." I got my hair done, did my make-up, put my dress @CAPS3, went outside to take pictures, and got @CAPS3 the limousine so I could go to church. After I went to church I took pictures with my family and then went to @CAPS4 to take pictures at the @ORGANIZATION3 building. After we got back from @CAPS4, I went to the @ORGANIZATION1, at @CAPS6, and got ready for my waltz. I did my first waltz with my court of honor; six guys and six girls and my partner. After the waltz I danced the second waltz with my dad. When I was done dancing with my dad, I got ready for the surprise dance. I started dancing with my court of honor and my partner and towards the end came the big part... I was supposed to be picked up by my girls and the guys were supposed to spell my name @CAPS7 ran in front of me and the girls when one of the guys, who is my uncle, ran to the right instead of the left and spelled my name wrong! The guys were supposed to spell "@ORGANIZATION2", with two guys wearing black @CAPS3 each end, but @CAPS7 ended up spelling "@CAPS8"! One of the other guys saw the mistake right away, so he moved to the left and since my uncle didn't move to the left either, @CAPS7 ended up spelling "@CAPS9"! I'm am not going to lie...I saw my uncle when he was in the wrong spot because the letters were facing my way, but I could of stopped that from happening but I didn't because I couldn't! But at the end it was funny. Everybody in there started laughing and I got so embarrassed! But when I was walking off the dance floor I started laughing! Now that we think about it, that is the funniest thing that has ever happened in our family. I guess laughter really is there when something embarrassing happens. Laughter is something that is there when you are happy. Laughter is there when we are having fun and when we are in a good mood, it makes us smile. But laughter is always there when we have an embarrassing moment. Laughter is always with us. It doesn't matter if we mean to or not, but we end up doing something dumb that makes us laugh. Laughter is always with me when I'm with my family. Laughter is with me because my family is fun, crazy, and cool. No matter how sad we are, it doesn't matte if we are sad because one of my family members were in a car accident or someone died, we remember the times when we were happy and when we were having fun with that person. We end up remembering the fun we had together, that we start laughing really hard! Laughter is there when we are happy, but it is also there when it is the best day of your life. Laughter is a moment of happiness.
