 Laughter is a big part of my life and I believe @CAPS1 have to have laughter in a good and healthy relationship. This is a true story about laughter and it's affects on my life.Laughter is a good thing for your body, mind and soul, it lightens my mood when I'm feeling down. I'm glad to say I have lots of relationships, many of which are blessed with laughter. My mother and I have a good relationship together, and almost any time we're together in the same room there is bound to be laughter. My mother and I laugh all the time, over silly things. We laugh just to laugh and most of the time, we don't even know what we're laughing at. She can make me laugh at the most ridiculous things. I'm also pretty sure she's the only person who can get me to spit my drink all over the dash board just because of a silly face she made.  My mother isn't the only one I can have a good time with. I remember a conversation I had with a good friend of mine, it was about the way people laughed. I told her about how I had noticed that people usually laughed in different vowel sounds, like a, e and o. It seemed odd to me that I had only ever heard people laughing in those vowels and not I and u. She thought the same thing I did, so we came up with this idea to laugh in the vowels I and u. Of course people were too busy with their own lives to notice us laughing oddly, but it was fun all the same. @CAPS1 never really realize how hard it is to not laugh until the occasion is upon @CAPS1. My mom and I were at my aunts house trying desperately not too laugh. We had all decided to do a facial cleansing mask we had seen on @CAPS1 @CAPS2. The mask itself was made out of whisked egg whites and toilet paper. @CAPS1 dip the toilet paper in the egg whites and plaster it all over your face. @CAPS1 have to wait at least fifteen minutes or until it's completely dry before @CAPS1 can take it off, other wise it doesn't work.   The three of us did as the instructions told us, but were dismayed when we saw the final results of our efforts. We weren't upset because we looked repulsive we were upset because we all looked like a bunch of crazy ladies, and we found it exceedingly difficult not to burst into laughter. The site of my mother and aunt was so ridiculously funny I had to leave the room for fifteen minutes so my face could dry. After about fifteen minutes I came back to find my mother and aunt in the bathroom drying each others face with a hair dryer. After seeing this I just couldn't stand it any longer, I started crying with laughter, my mask cracked and all my hard work went down the drain. that day was one of the funniest days of my life, we laughed together so hard our abdomens hurt. I love to laugh as I've said before and I personally have many different forms of laughter. when I laugh really hard I laugh all the air out of my lungs and forget to breathe. What it looks like to others I have no clue but I must be a red faced girl rocking back and forth. Other times I kind of have a manly ha ha but if your lucky @CAPS1'll get to hear me snort. The thing I'm trying to say is that laughter is a good thing and it has made a big difference in my life, I don't know what I would do without it. I love to laugh, I think I would die if I couldn't laugh.
