Laughing is one of the things we do best. @PERSON1 and I talk almost everyday and never get tired of laughing. We talk about everything and even if it is the saddest thing in the world we will be able to make it funny in a way, it's just one of those things we do. As best friends it's our job to make each other feel better, and if one calls the other crying it's their job to make the them laugh and if it is funny for both @CAPS2 know it was a job well done. In @DATE3, my uncle died, I called her crying my eyes out, she said, everything was going to be okay and to just think of all the good memories I had of him. One of the only ones I could think of was the funniest story of my life and even though I was still crying, through those tears there was laughter and I knew my uncle would want me to laugh and he was right there laughing with me.  @PERSON1 and I met @DATE1, at @ORGANIZATION1, where we spent a week out of our @DATE1 to get to know new people and getting closer to @CAPS1. That week was one of the funniest weeks out of my whole @DATE1, though me and @PERSON1 didn't "click" at @ORGANIZATION1 that week, we later found out we were more alike then we thought. Some people say when two people are to much alike the friendship doesn't work. Well, this is true yet false. When @CAPS2 are alike @CAPS2 can talk to each other about everything, yet when @CAPS2 hit those differences, and the other disagrees it starts a fight, but fights just bring people closer together.  Even though me and @PERSON1 don't see each other much, doesn't mean we can't be best friends. What if your best friend lived in a different state, does that mean they aren't your best friend anymore? No, it just means @CAPS2 don't see them as much as @CAPS2 would like to. Even though we live close to each other we don't always have time to see one another, but, when we do finally get to see each other there isn't a dull moment. About a month after @PERSON1 had gotten in a bad car accident, we went to skate world, @PERSON1 was on crutches so she couldn't skate, but that didn't stop her from having fun and making the @TIME1 full of laughter. She was up dancing to the music, on top of seats yelling, "@CAPS2 wont ever see these people again in your life, why not just have a little fun? ". By the @DATE2 @TIME1 she got almost everyone in our group dancing up on the stools and I don't regret one thing that happened that @TIME1, it was the most I had laughed in about a year. We were dancing and screaming for about three hours, before one the parents got their and after that we all went home. That is a @TIME1 I will never forget. A girl that was recovering from a horrible car accident made the best out of what she had!  When things don't work out the way we wanted, we just go on with life wishing that it had happen differently, but when we look back a couple years down the road we will see that it was just fine, and it @MONTH1 just make @CAPS2 laugh. somethings are hard to laugh about, but a good thing to do when @CAPS2 get to that point is think of something happy, or funny and try to laugh. Laughing has always made me feel better, and knowing that I can make someone with a difficult life laugh until they are about to pee makes me feel good. It makes me feel like I have done something good with my life that I was willing to help @PERSON1 with her struggles. To me that makes this life, a life worth living. Though @CAPS2 cant help everyone through every single one of their struggles, just being there sometimes helps them more then @CAPS2 @MONTH1 know.  @PERSON1 and I have planed out many lives we would like to live and looking back now on them all I can do is laugh, because in my heart I know they will never happen. Even if we try our best to make them happen I doubt they will. But, it was worth the laughter and a good time to make them up, and Believe they were going to happen for awhile and I know looking back in a few years we will both laugh. Laughing is a good way to get rid of fear, anger, and stress. It makes @CAPS2 think of all the good times @CAPS2 have had in your life, and lets @CAPS2 know that @CAPS2 had fun in your life. Though we fight, in the @DATE2, I don't think anyone will be able to tear @PERSON1 and I apart, with all the laughter that is done. We are true friends.
