 Laughter has many benefits; happiness, joy, bonding with others,adreneline, the helping of releasing tension, and the joking that is made on a daily basis around you. Laughter is something that can be shared among people especially when they're in the dumps. This emotion is the one that will brighten up anyday and bring enjoyment. Laughter has been a huge part of my life. From family, friends, boyfriends, and stangers laughing has always been a big deal to me. I love being able to look at someone and see that they smile alot, which means that they probaly laugh alot and that they are a happy person. How can I tell this. Well for starters there is dimples in their cheeks and crows feet in the corner of their eyes. Really the crows feet don't matter about how old you are they can happen from laughing, smiling all the time, and squinting in the sun. The biggest part of laughter that has contributed to my life is having a relationship. Usually when you have laughter in the relationship it will make it last longer. The reason the relationships will last longer is because you can be yourself and let the other person see that you are fine with laughing and being part of their life. I believe that laughing in an relationship is the best part. Lets say your partner is in the dumps, are you just going to let them be moody all day or are you going to try to make them laugh and cheer them up. When I'm in a relationship and my partner is being moody I try my hardest to cheer them up. I love to make people laugh. And when I'm being a grouch my boyfriend is helpful and tries to make me feel better or they just comfort me to see what is wrong. So if there is not laughter in your relationship then obviously there will be no happiness. Therefore it will not work out between you and the person you're with. So spread the joyfullness of life and and make people happy. Another part that laughter that has been in my life is friends. If you don't know me well let me tell you I'm shy at first, but once I warm up to you, you'll see that I'm a very outgoing person. Like most of my friends will say is that I am weird, but I enjoy laughing alot and making others laugh too. When I'm around my friends and in the dumps someone will always in the end will get me to laugh. No matter how upset I am they can always get me to laugh at pretty much anything, since I am a really easy person to entertain. Being around these people is like watching a comedy movie or act. They are always finding some way to be funny and annoying. Such as being obnoxious and doing stupid things that others will never do because it's embarassing. Well just because it is embarassing doesn't mean you shouldn't at least do it. If you don't do it, it will give us more to do and give us all the attention to ourselves. How are you suppose to know whether or not it's funny if you don't want to try something new. How are you suppose to laugh at yourself and have others laugh with and at you no matter how stupid it is. So don't knock it until you try it. The person that once said, " laughter is the shortest distance between two people." is it true or false? Is this really the shortest distance or the longest? I honestly believe that is could be the a short distance. You don't want to be snooty or crabby all the time or you will never make friends or have any relationships. And if you don't have friends or any relationships then who will make you laugh and enjoy yourself. If you're not a happy person then how are you to experience the joys of life and everything around you. You won't, so put a smile on you face and be a spontaneous person who is not afraid. Laughter is a benefit to all man kind. And laughter in my life has showed me so much, it has brought me and others so much experience to enjoy. Those enjoyments that have been explored, are having boyfriends, friends, and family around me all the time. This is one emotion that is definitely one that will brighten up anyday and bring happy expressions to every ones faces. Share the laughter.
