 Laughter is key. You never really think about laughter in importance, but the truth is, laughing brings the most opposite people together. Last year, I met one of my brothers friends in school. We never really talked but she seemed nice. We had a class together and we started talking more and more everyday and she was best friends with my best friend.  @PERSON1 was her name and she drove a bright orange @ORGANIZATION1. We hung out after school one day and I leaned the passenger seat all the way back and was sitting on it like a dog and she slammed on the brakes and I flew into the front of the vehicle and I couldn't stop laughing. At that moment I knew we were going to be friends. I was a freshman so I didn't really know anyone and she was always nice to everyone so we started hanging out more. I lived about @NUM1 miles out of town and her brothers went to school about @NUM2 miles past my house so we had to go pick them up. We bought a game called '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' and there are tons of little jellbeans that were flavored like vomit, centipede, dirt, rotten egg, etc.. So we were playing while we were driving out there and @CAPS3 had to stop the car nearly @NUM3 times in our @NUM4 mile drive! Those were the nastiest beans ever! Then, we would drive out to my house and we'd listen to our favorite country songs and blast them in her car. She was my ultimate best friend and no one could replace her. Whenever we would get in fights we wouldn't start drama, we'd always have an actual fight because by the time one of us were pinned the other was laughing too hard to do anything about it. Her dad and my dad became friends later on too and we would always have barbeque's and family get togethers.  We also talked in a @CAPS4 accent all the time because one of our friends was from @LOCATION1. Whenever we went to @CAPS5 to go shopping we'd use our accent and everywhere we went people would ask us where we were from. Before we knew it our dads started talking like us. We also created a bunch of slang words and then the whole school started using them. She is a great friend and she keeps me laughing everyday. Whenever @PERSON1 was having problems with her family she knew she could always talk to me and I would always be there for her. She always called me sister instead of @CAPS6 because we were so close. She used to take @CAPS7 and @CAPS8 classes at my old high school and when she got the fake baby doll it would keep us up late into the @TIME1, that baby was crazy. @PERSON1 would be driving and the baby would start screaming in its car seat and we'd have to pull over and find out what was wrong with it. She'd be a good mom. She always cared for things, even the smallest little thing she would cherish.  One time, we painted her little brothers room because we were bored and @PERSON1 was rolling her paintbrush in paint and texting and she took her eye off of her phone and dropped it in the paint. She couldn't find it for like @NUM5 minutes and by the time she did find it it was totally covered in green paint! I laughed at her for so long and those are the moments I wish I could bring back.  Everytime we hung out I would laugh and I realize now how important that laughter is to me. About six months ago I moved to a whole different state and I don't see her very often. There is no one like @PERSON1. She could make me laugh and was always just @NUM5 minutes away when I needed something, now I have to drive about @NUM2 hours to even see her. I haven't laughed like she made me ever since I went back to visit. Laughter is key, as I stated before and if you frown, you'll never know who is falling in love with your smile.
