 What would you do in a world with @CAPS4 laughter? Everyday everyone smiles or laughs. It makes a person feel better. Laughing is a healthy drug it affects you and other people for the best. There are many times in my life where all I needed was to laugh. All I wanted was to have someone there to make me smile and bring up my spirits. I have an example. I just moved again it was my @NUM1 high school. I felt totally alone I knew nobody, and nobody was there to help me feel less alone. I wanted a friendly face to smile at me, or talk to me. The whole @NUM2 hours at this new school was dreadful. When waiting for my mom to come get me I was hating my new life here. "@CAPS1 @CAPS4 one talked to me on the first day, then @CAPS4 one will talk to me at all" is what kept passing through my mind. I remembered everyday after school walking home with my group of friends, we would all tease each other, or just say something stupid. We were always laughing and happy. As I was sitting there waiting for my mom, I heard my name being called by a familiar voice. As I looked up I found my friends @PERSON5, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 sticking their heads out my moms car window waving at me. Seeing how school just barely got out there were tons of teenagers still @NUM3, @PERSON2, @PERSON6!!" I exclaimed. My unhappy thoughts disappeared and I was smiling. I could feel people starring at me as my friends got out of the car to give me a hug. For some reason I didn't care all I cared about was being able to smile again, and be truly happy with my closest friends. I grabbed my purse and ran over to them to give them all hugs. They missed two classes to come pick me up from school. My mom told them how unhappy I was, and that what I needed was a friendly face. She couldn't have been more right. After hugs, smiles, and laughs were exchanged my friend @PERSON5 said his classic line."@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @PERSON3?" @CAPS4 one could help but laugh even my mom broke a smile. When getting in the car I forgot all about my bad day and how horrible I felt. I forgot about how badly I wanted my friends there to make me feel me. When they actually came I couldn't have been more happier. My life felt great, school after that was great. I made great friends there because my three buddies reminded me who I was, and pushed me to be me. They made me laugh and when I smiled at my new high school people were more open and welcoming to me. It wasn't long after that I @PERSON4 was able to go to school with a smile and laugh everyday. Friends have a great influence in your life they remind you to smile and how great a laugh is. Laughing is the truth between happiness I would have to say. It was because of me smiling and laughing that I made new friends and had another great high school life. Laughing brought people to me because it made me seem like a friendly fun person that I am. I see laughing being the cure to all unhappiness.
