 I believe laughter brings many different people together. In my friendships with friends we are always laughing about random, silly, things that happen to us each day. Laughter is an important part of any friendship or relationship. One time when laughter help me out the most was the during fourth grade. Fourth grade had brought so many ups and downs with it which none of us knew it would. My friends and I had the biggest fight over the littlest reason. This fight included my best friend @PERSON2, also my neighbor, @PERSON1, @PERSON3, and @PERSON4. We all were very close until this fight which was over my favorite sport, @CAPS1, and @CAPS2. Everyone had their sides, @PERSON4 sided with @PERSON2 and I was all alone. @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 didn't side with anyone they just wanted us to get along. It was the hardest for @DATE2 and I because we were best friends and did everything together. All the students in our class knew that and could not believe we had a huge fight. @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 would try as hard as possible to hang out with both of us but somehow it didn't seem like that to @LOCATION1 and I. We both thought that @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 were never hanging out with us.  Soon enough our teacher and student teacher had called our parents to tell them about this fight. I remember every other day someone would go home crying. Our parents had a meeting with our teachers and principal to discuss how they can help us. They concluded with the fact that @PERSON2, @PERSON1, and I would being going to see a councilor. @PERSON3 on the other hand got out of seeing the councilor. We found this out when our teacher announced it to the whole class. As @PERSON1 remembers it "That was the first time, in a long time, you and @PERSON2 actually talked!" @CAPS3 @PERSON2 or I remember talking but I guess change had start to come. When we went to the councler she was very nice and talked to us in a way we all felt comfortable. She asked us what we missed most about our friendship and all three of us answered laughing. We said that we laughed every day and now we go home crying. She asked us if we liked to play games during the times we used to spend together, we answered yes. She let us play games, such as monopoly, which was really fun. At the end of the day the three of us went back to class smiling and laughing. When we entered the classroom everyone was surprised that we were actually getting along. After school I went home and my mom asked me how the councling session had gone. I smiled and said we all had a blast! The next day the three of us went back to the councler and played more games. This session also we would be writing a paper about how the fight had changed us. When we were done writing, all of us read the paper to one another. All having the same message: I wish this had never happened, I miss the laughing, and I will laugh about this fight in the future.  To most extent this message was very true. @DATE1, @PERSON1, @PERSON2 and I are still best friends. Yes, we tell this story to everyone and laugh every time. Most of our friends reactions are shocking because they cant believe we had a fight or they just laugh at how stupid the fight was. Most of our friends ask what the moral of the story was and we simply say "don't let any little thing get in the way of your friendship and remember to laugh about the good times." In most ways laughing about this silly fight has brought all of us closer and kept us together. Now we have more and more things we can laugh about.  Every friendship has its ups and downs and along with those comes laughter or crying. In the end the only way that you and your friends can be closer is to laugh. Never miss a moment or second guess a change with your friends. They are always going to be with you along the journey of life and laughter is the key.
