 Laughter to me seems like the foundation of a relationship; if it is a relationship with your parents, best-friend, or your spouse, it can all be formed with a single laugh or giggle. I have seen on @CAPS1 that when a guy try's to "pick up" or "hit on" a girl, most of the time he will try to be funny to "break the ice". When that so called "ice" is broken the air is open for both people to start showing each who they are.  My best friend and I have been friends for five years now and I hope that we will be friends for more years to come. @PERSON1 (my best friend/and only friend) has shown me how to be myself @PERCENT1, with her and try to with others. Together @PERSON1 and I have had many funny adventures together, that I will cherish for the rest of my life. Just recently @PERSON1 and I went snowboarding at @LOCATION1 in @LOCATION2. @CAPS3 was her second time going snowboarding and I have been snowboarding for about three years now. I promised her that I would stay and help her on the slopes until she got the hang of the board under her feet, I also promised that I would fall down with her when she fell. When we got there I showed her how to clip her bindings on, what the stomp pad was used for, and also how to skate. The word skate means that your foot boot is in the front binding and your left foot is not, you push your back foot on the snow to slide or skate on to the ski lift. It took us three hours to get down the first bunny hill slope, normally it takes a person no more than ten minutes to get down. While teaching, laughing , and bonding with @PERSON1 I noticed that when I laugh with her I get feelings of love, caring, and happiness. Laughing with her always makes my day. In fact that is how we became friends; was by laughing together. After we got of the slope she said some words to me that I will not forget, "@CAPS2 you are the best friend I could ever ask for, if you were a man I would marry you and have your children, I love you." @CAPS3 meant a lot to me, for @PERSON1 is the kind of person that keeps her feelings of love and caring inside. @CAPS3 was the first time she has ever said she loves me. Laughing together for five years now has made it so that @PERSON1 feels more open with me, enough to say something that she never told to her family. Laughing and even giggling together is what @PERSON1 and I look forward to in our relationship. 
