 It all began one morning when I heard my hulking mass of an alarm-clock spouting off again. So I reached over and pushed the button to turn the exceedingly loud contraption off. When I noticed that I have woken up ten minutes late, and so I jumped out of the bed and sprinted to the shower. When I was finished, I got dressed in my @CAPS1-shirt and jeans, which is what I normally wear, then unplugged my cell phone from the charger and placed it in my pocket. Having dealt with the situation at hand, I went down the stairs and into the kitchen to prepare the modest meal of oatmeal. After I was finished eating, I packed up my books and walked back up the stairs to brush my teeth. After doing so, I swiped my coat and hat in one fell swoop. I secured them to my person, grabbed my back-pack , and walked out the door. I stood there on that cold and rainy morning, pondering what the day would hold for me. Suddenly , their was a great noise, I turned to face the approaching threat only to find that the bus had arrived. My mind quickly recovered from @CAPS2 slightly startled state and I stepped onto the bus. The bus ride was no different from the others, kids squawking about what happened at school yesterday, what they are doing @CAPS2 @DATE1, and other seemingly useless conversation. There I sat my eyes fixed gazing out the window of the bus, watching , studying , and mapping the present course of the massive vehicle. We stopped at one of the bus stops, and on the bus came my good friend @PERSON1. As usual she came and sat down next to me and we started talking about the usual cars, music, and the occasional jokes. As I started to develop a creative and captivating joke, she just belted one out right off the top of her head. We both just started busting up laughing, I even felt a tear form in the pit of my eye. We didn'@CAPS1 stop laughing until we got to the school,and my joke was successfully forgotten.  The joke lingered in my head all day long, to @CAPS2 day I still think it is one of the best I've ever heard. Through all of the countless jokes, underhanded comments, and puns I've heard, that one brought about the most laughter of all. But then @PERSON1 moved away to another city, @CAPS2 was a sad day. The very next day I heard the age old saying, "@CAPS2 one time at band camp.....", story and laughter was restored to my life. I learned something that day that friends my move away but the jokes that were said will still remain.
