                                  "Laughter" @CAPS1 people @MONTH1 actually believe that only money can buy happiness, but happiness comes from the great things in life, and the greatest thing we have is laughter. Not only does it show kindness, happiness, and freedom, it makes others and yourself feel good. Laughter is one of the best feeling we can have, although it can hurt if its too much. It can teach others a way to express themselves, and forget about the bad in life. Anyone can laugh, and anyone can make others laugh. Without laughter, life would be such a bore. But you never want to push laughter, because even laughter has a limit.  There is different ways to bring laughter in someones life, and there is different ways of being funny. There is good ways of being funny and bad ways. A bad way is being the class clown, it becomes annoying, rude, and it can get you on your teachers bad side. A good way would to tell a joke or maybe sometimes embarrassing yourself can work. It seem to be the worst, but if you laugh at yourself it can make you feel better, and you don't have to look at it as bad as you think it was. I know that I can be funny at times, and sometimes I make myself laugh, but it is never good to laugh at someone and make them feel bad. Making another feel bad can make you look bad, and others @MONTH1 not think of you as funny. You never want to put another down, people have feelings, and hurting someone only makes you look like the bad guy.   @CAPS1 people think that happiness is in fairy tales, also love, but when you really want happiness than turn to your friends and make them laugh. Getting another to laugh feels great, and it helps build up confidence and character. Having confidence and character really helps you in life, it brings more joy, love, and others @MONTH1 think about you in a better way. It can bring people together and it can bring peace. You don't have to try to be funny to make someone laugh, sometimes laughter just appears for no reason at all.    Laughter could be an open way to win another heart. Being a bore can make you seem like your not an interesting person or not really all that fun. When people fall in love they find someone to share their life with. Sharing laughter could help your relationship and make it stronger. All we really need in life is happiness and success, and with happiness and success comes laughter. I can also help you meet new and interesting people, @CAPS2 you more and more friends in your life! With laughter, you really find the good part in life. There is many adventures that life will take you through.  I love to laugh, it makes me feel better when I'm upset. Laughing makes me feel good on the inside and out. I also love to make others laugh. For example, how I met my best friend @CAPS3. She was upset and she felt like nothing in the world was going right, I knew that she wasn't happy and I didn't want her to feel like that. So as a friend I helped her out and made her laugh at all the bad things and forget about them. Ever since then we've been best friends and she has never felt like that again. Laughter really is a great thing to have, it brings happiness to us all. And getting others to laugh makes you more of an interesting person, being an interesting person makes life easier and more stress free.  Sharing this amazing feeling is great and can make your life more stress free. Stress can slow you down, along with sadness. When I'm down, I like to make myself laugh. Sometimes just the little things in life are the greatest things in life. In my opinion, I think that laughter is the greatest feeling you can give someone. Finding something that is just as great, is like finding a meaning in life. No one really knows the meaning of life, and we'll never know, but having the ability to laugh and make others laugh is a part of life, and a privilege. So go out and tell a joke or two, just make someone laugh and feel good.
