 When I think of laughter you think of memories you shared with people. When I was about six my family and I went to my cousins ranch in @ORGANIZATION1. The happest time started with us pulling up to the house as I slowly open my eyes from the long car ride seeing the porch light on. I quickly grabbed up all my toys and some playing cards and waited eagerly at the door for some to answer while the rest of my family are getting the suitcases. My @CAPS1 @CAPS2 came to the door first to greet us. I walk under his arm to set down my toys in the living room when I saw @PERSON1 sleeping on the coach. He was my best friend in the whole world and I always looked forward to seeing him everythime. He had brown hair always wearing wranglers with a trucker hat and his plad tucked in shirt. We always played gold fish together every time I came over, any time of the day. I was so excited to see him I started to run twards him when my other cousin @PERSON2 grabs me and starts to tickle me tell I fell on the floor and was screaming of laughter. My laughing woke up @PERSON1 as he came running to me picked me up off the ground and saved me from @LOCATION1. He put me on the couch and started watching @CAPS3 tell I feel asleep.  The next morning I woke up to hear cyotes howling outside while the sun was coming up, when I smelt bacon and eggs coming from the kitchenI shot up to eat breakfast. My dad and all the boys went out to go goose hunting on the farm. Around lunch time while my mom and @PERSON3 were cooking up some hamburgers the boys all came back in time for lunch. Lunch wasn't ready right then so @PERSON1 and I startded to play gold fish tell we were told it was time to eat. After lunch we went out to the hay barns to find all the rattle snakes and bull snakes curld up by the bales. Almost every foot step we took there was another snake curld up in the bales. Every time @PERSON1 would tell me to jump back to shoot the snake in the head. After hunting @PERSON1 figured we needed a laugh so he grabbed a bull snake and we started to walk to the back yard. I wasn't to sure what he was doing tell we got in the back yard and @PERSON3 jumped out of her chair and started running to the house. Everyone started to laugh when @PERSON1 cut her off and she was running in a circle in the back yard. @PERSON1 finally let her go in the house after about five minutes of giving her a heart attack. We all came back inside to visite in the house. @PERSON1 and I headed to play more gold fish at the table for the last time of my visit.  The next morning we woke up at five to start working on the farm. I went back to sleep in the tractor tell they were done. When we were done we started loading up all are clothes in the car and gave everyone a hug good bye as I stood by @PERSON1 not wanting to leave but my mom said I couldn't stay so she picked me up and put me in the car. As we pulled away I looked back to see them all waving good bye.  After we visited @DATE1 we got a call from my @CAPS4 @PERSON3 with some bad news. @PERSON2 was heading home and saw @CAPS5 truck on the road but when he pulled up he saw that he killed himself two weeks before he graduated. We went to the funeral that @DATE2 and when it was all done I sat in @CAPS5 room and only could remember all the laughs we shared. I knew to always laugh and always to remember the great times I had with one true my best friend. My memory of him hasn't gone away after all these years and because of him I always laugh when I can laugh and live to the fullest. He taught me so much from the little time he was he but whenever I need a laugh I think of the last time I saw him.
