 It was some day in @DATE1, I was on my way to school. My friend @PERSON1 was walking with me because we both lived on the same street. He lived a few houses away from me but we always walked to and from school together. Well on this particular day i decided to wear a pair of sneakers that had absolutely no traction on the bottom of the shoe and there was snow out. I slipped a few times but never fell. We were laughing because I would be right in the middle of saying something and id almost fall over. We got to school and he started telling everyone about it, I joined in. It was pretty funny because even at school I would almost fall over because the floors were wet from the dried snow. I thought about just walking home and changing my shoes but I would have to wait until lunch because I couldn't leave school until then or i would get in trouble. After first period I found a puddle of water and started sliding across it for fun. My friends tried doing it too but their shoes had too much traction on it. The bell rang for second period to start and I headed to my class. It was fun trying to get to class because I slid around everywhere. Once I got into class the teacher told me we where going on a field trip to the ponds. I was about to skip out on it but the teacher was walking right behind me. We boarded the bus and started heading out to the ponds. My teacher called our names out to make sure we were all there. He must have done it about every @NUM1 minutes. It was pretty annoying. The bus driver was playing country music too, I don't really mind country music but that day I didn't really want to listen to it. I went to get my ipod from my pocket and found out it wasn't there. I had left it at my house when I was rushing to get to school.  We finally arrived at the ponds and we unloaded the bus to begin our field trip. Our teacher told us not to go to close to the ponds because if we fell in we would be soaked and the bus driver wouldn't let us back on the bus. I thought he was just talking smack and I asked the bus driver if he was serious. The bus driver told me if we got wet he would have to wait for us to dry off so we didn't get the seats wet. Again I thought it was a bunch of bull. We met up with our tour guide dude and started listening to him tell us about the history of the ponds and what they are used for. While walking around the ponds I started to slide on the ground. I grabbed onto my friend so I wouldn't fall over but he had pretty bad balance and we both fell over. Everyone started laughing as well as myself. My friend didn't think it was too funny at first. But once he got up he started laughing and joked about how I couldn't stand up right. On our way back to the school we talked about what we learned and if we would want to go back and learn more or even volunteer to work at the ponds. I thought it would be pretty fun if I didn't slip around the whole time. We unloaded the bus again and headed into the school. I found out the little puddle i had found earlier hadn't dried up, I got a running start and slid across it. I didn't fall over this time. The bus had brought us back just in time for the last class of the day, which unfortunately for me was @CAPS1. I got to the gym and asked my teacher what we were going to be playing. He told me we were going upstairs on the wrestling mats to play a dodge ball game. Upstairs on the wrestling mats was a small area and we only went up there if we had a small class. I lucked out big time because we have to take our shoes off when we play on the mats.  I got done with @CAPS1 and the bell rang to tell us school was over. I got dressed into my normal clothes and headed home. My friend @PERSON1 was waiting outside for me. We started heading home and I slide around with every step I took. The sun had melted the top layer of snow and turned it into ice. I looked over at @LOCATION1 and laughed. He laughed too. The whole way home I was skating on ice. It was a really fun day. Except right when I got home I fell on the deck because the step was icy.
