 I sat at the table, speechless, as they told me their story. The @CAPS1 had been through a lot in the past seven years. @PERSON1's youngest son was born three weeks early and the doctor told her he would only live for three days at the most. As she told me, she stared off into the distance as if she were reliving the moment. She told me that her baby, @PERSON2, had a rare disease. Half of his brain was smooth, instead of the the normal rigid. She told me about those first days and how scared she was. Seeing @PERSON2 next her was the only thing that kept me from bursting into tears. He had lived longer. @PERSON1 told me about how as @PERSON2 grew older he couldn't walk. His pediatrician told her that @PERSON2 would never be able to take his first steps and would have to live life confined in a wheel chair. @PERSON2 was given another miracle. He walked. With the aide of a camouflage cane he beat the odds once again. @PERSON1 told me about how @PERSON2 couldn't talk. He only speaks through sign language. She also taught me how to take care of him. He was a normal kid who liked to play with cars and @CAPS2. He wasn't any different then the rest of the kids. This was going to be a roller coaster of a week.  I had only met the @CAPS1 early that @TIME1 when they had arrived to @CAPS4 @CAPS5, a @DATE1 @CAPS4 for disabled kids. I had only known them for a few hours and they were telling me their life story. I got the next week to become best friends with @PERSON2. We went swimming in the river, played with sticks, went on nature walks, even rode a horse. The smile on @ORGANIZATION1's face lit up my day every time I saw it. @PERSON2 got to experience things that a child of his kind would never be able to in a lifetime. We got to go tubing, ride on jet skis, and fish in a stock pond where we were sure to catch something. Having the best time of our lives we parted each night to bed, him in his cabin, and I in my tent. Each night as I left I could hear the family laughing and talking about how great the day was and how much fun we were having. To be a part of making a child happy was the cherry on top of my @CAPS4 experience. One event in particular from @CAPS4 that week will always stay close to my heart. @PERSON2 had been experimenting around on a tricycle made specifically for children with disabilities. He tried for hours to make it go. No matter how hard her tried he couldn't move. My heart broke when I saw him start to cry. He was so frustrated. @PERSON2 gave up and moved on to the swings instead. The rest of the day was filled with the look of sorrow and frustration on his face. I wanted to fix it. I had to fix it. He needed to be happy. That night I went to our @CAPS4 directer, @PERSON3, and I told him about what had happened and he brought me to the garage. The garage was so chaotic and unorganized. I didn't quite understand what he was doing until he emerged with a brand new shiny bike. One with foot straps and supportive seat complete with dragons, and a bell. It was the perfect thing. I was so excited to let @PERSON2 try it out in the @TIME1. The next @TIME1, after a delicious blueberry pancake breakfast, we set off to try out the new toy. This moment was big for @PERSON2 and his parents. He was told he'd never walk, or ever be able to ride a bike, or talk. He had lived through miracles before. He could do it again. @PERSON3 strapped @PERSON2 on the bike, put a helmet on him and started him off. The anticipation was almost too much. After a few seconds passed, the wheels began to turn. @PERSON2 was riding a bike. Tears streamed down our faces, this was the greatest moment of @ORGANIZATION1's life. The way he smiled and laughed at his new found capability was a great sight. To be part of something so special was an honor. @PERSON2 rode his bike all around @CAPS4 that day. He even rode it into his cabin, and continued to ride in circles around his bunk. I left the family to enjoy their night and went off to bed myself.  The rest of the week was filled with a great deal of fun, but when the end came the goodbyes were hard. We didn't want to leave each other. I had become part of @LOCATION1's family, they trusted me and I felt at home with them. @PERSON2 and I were new best friends and couldn't wait until the next @DATE1 when we would meet again at @CAPS4 @CAPS5 where we could do it all over, and make new memories.
