 In a relationship you should be able to trust in each other, confide in each other, talk with each other, cry with each other and most importantly laugh with each other. Many people believe that laughter is an important part of relationships, and I can definitely agree with that statement. The relationship in my life that I totally get the most laughter out of is the relationship between me and my best friend, and boyfriend, @PERSON2. He can always make me laugh, even on my worst days he can find a smile and a little giggle. I constantly thank @CAPS1 for putting him in my life.  The first thing that I really noticed about @PERSON2 when I started to get to know him better, is that he can always make me laugh. Whether he is making totally weird faces at me or tickling me until I can barely breath, he always knows how to get me laughing. When I am balling my eyes out to him, even then he can get me to giggle. Just @TIME1 I had had a terrible day at school and within a few minutes of me crying to him, he had cheered me up and got me to laugh. In church or with friends we will just look at each other and make a face and start laughing, there's something about those blue eyes and that dorky smile that will always make me laugh. Our ability to laugh with each other has been a great aspect of our relationship since the beginning. When we play @CAPS2, or he plays and I fail at attempting to play, we always laugh at how bad I am at it, or when I finally do get an awesome kill. "That just works out, don't it!" is one of our inside jokes, obviously it's not all that funny but we have fun competing at who can say it the most in one day. The rule is you have to have a good reason for saying it and if we say it at the same time we always playfully argue over who won or gets "the point" (as if we actually keep score) but that usually gets us laughing at some stupid excuse or reasoning that one of us tries to use. When ever there is a camera around @PERSON2 likes to make funny faces, which will always get me laughing. Then we usually end up taking somewhere around twenty silly pictures and just going through them and laughing and laughing at all of the weird faces we decide to make. When one of us starts laughing it usually gets the other one laughing too, they do say laughter is contagious. To be truly comfortable with and around each other you have to be able to laugh at your self. One time, @PERSON2 his little sisters, @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 and I were all seeing how high we could kick and long story short I kneed myself in the forehead, @PERSON2 was the only one who noticed or heard the crack of my bones hitting each other with force, and he just got silent until I started cracking up. Then he made sure I was okay. We were laughing so hard we cried and I had a big red circle on my forehead, not to mention my cheeks were bright red from embarrassment too, but I just laughed it off. Another time we were goofing around on the hard wood floor at his house and I pushed him to the ground, his whole family was cracking up and his face was bright red, but he just laughed it off. Whether we say or do something stupid in front of each other we both have the ability to laugh it off.  Even when things get rough our you disagree on something it is always good to later be able to look back on it and laugh about it with each other. Just because @PERSON2 and I are best friends doesn't mean we agree on everything, we actually disagree about a lot of things most are small but once in a while we will disagree on something a little bigger. At times one of us will do or say something that upsets the other one, we are always able to work it out and later look back on it and laugh even when it is a touchy subject. Both of us have made mistakes in our past too but again we just look back and laugh.  Obviously I have reason too agree with the statement "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" because I have that connection in the best way possible. I am so thankful to have @PERSON2 in my life, his ability to laugh and make me laugh is what made me fall for him in the first place. So between "@CAPS3" over a text message, cracking up at weird things we do or just watching a movie, we are always laughing at each other or with each other. As we both would put it "were freaking soul mates!"
