 Sometimes I wonder why people laugh. People laugh when something is funny or when things @CAPS3 awkward and they aren't sure what else to do. Often people laugh when they @CAPS3 embarrassed or offended. I, actually, find myself laughing for no reason on occasion. if I can make someone laugh I usually feel very accomplished. I think it personally shows emotions out loud. But, in some cases, you laugh uncontrollably at yourself. Every year, since i moved here six and @DATE1, my two cousins and my sisters and I have gone "cheese ball caroling" with our grandparents around @CAPS1 time. Even after my grandpa died in @DATE4 and my older sister left for college. On the twenty-first of @DATE2, we go secret @LOCATION1 shopping one at a time with one of our grandparents while we make the cheese balls by hand. After all five of us have gone, we wrap the cheese balls and put a ribbon on them while we practice our carols for that evening. We always make a list before we start the caroling. First thing on the list is the people who's houses we @CAPS3 going to go to that night. Second next to each families name is the number of cheese balls we will be delivering to that specific house. Third is what song we @CAPS3 going to sing to them. Usually, there is about twenty- five to thirty people on the list. All of which @CAPS3 family members and really close friends or people from their work. We always have a really good time with it too. No fighting or bickering or anything like that. It's really nice to just be with the family and catch up. Usually, it's been about a year since we have all been together at the same time. Last year was the first year we went caroling with out my older sister. She went off to college the @DATE3 before, leaving me the oldest grand kid there. At first it didn't seem any different, but as the day went on I could feel it taking it's tole. With her being gone and my grandpa no longer being around made the pressure build uncontrollably. I started to relax a little when we got started and just tried to have fun. My grandma yelled to me to grab the list and add a name. At first, I didn't think anything of it. Later she told us we had to come up with a special song for the family. And that's when it hit me. The name looked and sounded familiar because I used to go to school with a boy with the same last name. That's when I asked her to verify if it was the same family. Sure enough, it was. I had had a crush on this boy since I could remember. We lost contact after I had found out he liked my cousin though. I knew it was going to be extremely awkward to have to sing in front of him, not to mention embarrassing. I remember thinking "@CAPS2 great, this is just what I needed. This is going to be awesome." We did our rounds and everything went very smoothly. We were having tons of fun, making jokes and laughing at absolutely everything. Then it came time to go to "his" house. We all choked up. The girls had heard many things about how cute and dream like this boy was so they were all nervous too. We were sitting there in the truck telling ourselves he wont be home, and even if he was it would be fine and we would be fine. I think that was the longest walk to a house with that short of a walk way ever. My grandma rang the door bell and we positioned ourselves to be ready to sing when the door opened. To our dismay, he answered it. We froze! We were like gargoyles gawking at him. He gave us a weird look and said " @CAPS3 you going to sing or just stand there?" with an evil little smile. I did attempt to sing, but nothing came out. That's when the youngest cousin starts singing happy birthday. That was not the song we had planned for this house, and it was not his birthday. In the middle of the second "happy birthday to you" we all start cracking up laughing, and I don't mean giggling or a small laugh. We @CAPS3 all laughing hysterically to the point where we could not breath, and he shut the door.  I know if we would have just stood there it would have made that memory a lot more dreadful, but because we all were laughing, we can look back and laugh at ourselves for it. Laughing is a good way to release inner emotional pressure I realized that night. It's a memory i'm sure we will never forget. I have done something like that on multiple occasions but that was defiantly number one on my list of "what were you thinking" moments. I wouldn't change anything about it.
