 Laughing is one of the key components in all my relationships with others. It lightens the mood of any situation and can really lift my sprits when I'm having a bad day. It is often the ice breaker when I meet someone new and can help me get closer to the friends I already have.  On the first day of school, freshman year, I met a girl named @LOCATION1. We were in writing class and there was a boy named @CAPS1 sitting between us. @CAPS1 and I were talking about our schedules, and he said something that made our conversation slightly uncomforatable. I looked up and saw that @LOCATION1 had heard what he had said and had a look on her face that was somewhere between being embarrassed for me and close to laughing. I smiled at her and mouthed the word "awkward" when @CAPS1 turned away. This was her cue that it was okay to laugh, and she did so subtly. I didn't know that this first laugh would lead to many more in a friendship that would develop almost instantly. After the first week of schedules being changed and students being shuffled around, we found out that we had every single one of our classes together, except @CAPS3. We probably spent more time laughing in those classes than getting work done, and I'm not exactly sure how we managed to pass all our classes. Spending so much time together, it was only a matter of time before we had enough inside jokes to fill up a dictionary. Nearly any word or just the sight of something related to one of our jokes can send us into a fit of laughter. Sometimes, we don't have to say anything at all. I'll just look at her, and we'll burst out laughing. Because of this, our friends often question our sanity. When we start laughing, they'll look at eachother, and then at us for a clue as to why, or ask if we are okay. They don't understand us the way we understand eachother. People always get our names mixed up even though we look nothing alike. Our names dont even rhyme, or start with the same letter. But I can't really blame them. We're so much alike! From the activities we participate in to the way we think, we could almost be the same person. She makes me laugh every single day, and she's one of my best friends. @CAPS4 is another one of my friends who is constantly making me crack up. Whenever I'm with her, I'm always terrified of peeing in my pants. She's not as close to me as @LOCATION1 is, but we've gotten to be such better friends this year. We have a lot of classes together this year, and that's probably why we've gotten closer. We're always doing stupid stuff together, and laughing about it the whole time. For example, she and I like to laugh obnoxiously loud and exaggerate our "ha's" when someone tells a really lame or cheesy joke. Our biotech teacher loves to tell cheesy jokes, so when we're in his class, we sit together anticipating one of his jokes so that we can laugh. We also like to chew our gum with our mouths open, in order to make the chewing noise louder. I often laugh so hard that I can't even chew. I know I'll have a good day if I'm with @CAPS4. She can make me laugh in a way a lot of my other friends can't. It comes deep from within, to the point where you can't even breathe, and tears and running down your face. It makes your entire face is sore, even your eyes, from being scrunched up for so long. She's such a fun person to be around, and I'm glad to have her as one of my friends. Laughing is a very important part in the relationships I have with other people. If my friends couldn't make me laugh, our friendship would be so much more boring. Nothing would be fun. If I never laughed, I'd never be happy, and that's not a life I'm willing to try. Life is hard. It's not easy, and it's not always going to be smiles and smooth sailing. There's going to be sadness and rough waters. But no matter how tough this life @MONTH1 get, I know I'll have friends like @LOCATION1 and @CAPS4 there to share a laugh.
