 I have been waiting a whole year for @TIME1 day to come, @DATE1. Today is my birthday! I just cant wait to open presents and eat cake. I am turning @NUM1 and all my friends are coming over and everything. It should be a great day! First I have to wait for my mom to @CAPS2 home from work. So today I am going to go swimming then going to go on a hike then finally my friends can come over and the party we start. We will have games, presents and cake. My mom said my sister were automatically invited but I dont like that rule. Maybe next birthday @CAPS1 can uninvited them.  My mom is at work. She left at @TIME1 and me and my sister just ate breakfast now we are going to go swimming. We have a pool right beside the patio in the front yard. Sometimes when my sister is mad she just throws me in. Other times she just does it because she is bigger then me and she can. My older sister @PERSON1 friend @PERSON2 was spending the week with us because she had moved away over the @DATE2 and decided she would come visit. Thats when they decided to start throwing me in the pool. One would always grab my legs the other would grab my arms and they would swing me until they just t threw me in the pool. well I got mad after it kept happening and threw a fit and cried. @PERSON1 told me if i was going to acting like a baby then i deserved to be treated like one, so she put me in a diaper and in the highchair and forced me to eat baby food. Of course I was crying now because I do not like baby food and to be in a highchair or be put in a diaper.  By @TIME1 time i didnt want to go on a hike and was just wanting my mom to be home. Finally my mom was home and even better she brought pizza. I was so excited that she did because all my friends were coming over and pizza was perfect.My mom change out of her work clothes then she decided it was time for me to take a nap. well I am @NUM1 i dont need a nap so thats when knew something was up. now that I decided it was @CAPS3 I went and took a nap and actually really did fall asleep. my mom at @TIME1 time cleaned, decorated and went and got all my friends. when i woke up and walked out of the living room mom and all my friends screamed "surprise" and I was definitely surprised. After a long fun party it was time that we cleaned up and put all the garbage away and the cake in the over so no flies would @CAPS2 to it. The next day my mom went back to work and I swam and played all day! It was a great day got to wear my new swim suit and got to also play with my new floaty toys I got. I got a lot of @DATE2 stuff. then, me and my little sister @PERSON3 were trying to find a way to @CAPS2 hot water into the pool but we were having trouble because the house didnt fit to the faucet at the bathroom. so thats when we went to my moms room and used the bathtub and put the hose all the way out the back door. We definitely accomplished that mission! By @TIME1 time we heard a lot of craziness and I went to go see what was going on and it was smoky all over. I went into the kitchen and my sister yelled" @CAPS2 your sisters and @CAPS2 out of the house meet you at the road" I ran and got them and then i saw fire trucks speeding up the drive way and here comes my mom racing over and she was freaking out making sure everyone was @CAPS3.  In the end I found out that she had burn my birthday cake trying to preheat the over for pizza. I was kinda upset that it was burnt but now I am @CAPS3 with it because I look back and laugh because my sister to @TIME1 day still has the burnt spoon and the lock. the lock is from our gate it was a simple dummy lock and the fire fighters didnt know so they just cut the chains. I guess the lesson learned here is that before you preheat the over you should always make sure nothing is in there.
