                                        The @CAPS1 of Laughter Laughter seems to be almost the basis of ones relationship with friends, with no laughter, there is no spark of interest of wanting to be someones friend. When I think of laughter, I think of the times when I go to @ORGANIZATION1. Even @CAPS2 I have had the most horrible day, I know that the girls I play with on that team, who are like a second family to me, can always cheer me up by the things they say or do. The underlying relationship between a @ORGANIZATION1 team becomes unknown to the outside; no one really knows how much we laugh together, or how much frustration builds up between us. Frustration @MONTH1 get the best of us sometimes but I can think of a lot more memories where I was laying on the turf field laughing because a dumb decision of a player, turns into on of the funniest things I've ever seen.  I remember the first time I had a @ORGANIZATION1 practice, back in @DATE1 of second grade, I was playing with many girls who had gone to a different school and I had never seen before. All of the girls decided that they wanted to see who was the best at juggling a @ORGANIZATION1 ball on there knees. It came my turn to try, and as i went to bump it with my knee, it hit in the wrong spot so it came back up and hit me in the nose, leaving it bloody. I had no idea how to react, so I started to laugh. At the time, a girl I had never seen before started to laugh with me, and came up and gave me a tissue. Believe it or not the girl who gave me a tissue that first day became my best friend, and has been ever since. The laughter that occurred that day filled the gap of distance between us. Since that day we have never had an awkward silence wondering what we should say or do.   Entering the fall of fourth grade, I had just joined the @ORGANIZATION1 team @ORGANIZATION1, still playing with the same girls, with the exception of a few people. I had no idea what to think of those people or what to say, so i decided on not saying anything. We had been playing monkey in the middle and I was guarding a short blond girl named @CAPS3, who had extremely good talents but was a little clumsy. She had started to run for the ball, and low and behold the clumsy girl tripped on nothing! Thoughts were racing through my mind; should I laugh? Will she hate me @CAPS2 I do? What @CAPS2 she's actually hurt? Though these thoughts @MONTH1 become reality, I went with my instinct and burst with laughter. She rolled over to see who had starting laughing at her accidental trip, and started laughing as well. After the incident, we got up and started talking, realizing we had gone to the same school but never associated with one another. From that day on we became inseparable at school, and became best friends.  The next story has nothing to do with @ORGANIZATION1, but everything to do with laughter. Though there is no certain story that I could tell you in particular that happened between this girl and I, all I can say is she is the one who gave me the first experience of laughing until you cry. I remember her moving to our school, and I was no longer the "new girl". At first, I thought she was the weirdest person that I had ever met, but as time progressed I had come to find out that she @MONTH1 be one of the funniest people I have ever met. @CAPS2 I would have made the realization beforehand that this girl had the personality she did, I would have went up to her in a heartbeat and made friends, instead of hiding behind the crowd. Ever since we became friends our friendship has been based upon how much we laugh together, and I wouldn't have it an other way. In the end the person who once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people", was absolutely correct. I used these stories above to show no matter how shy, or awkward a person @MONTH1 be, sharing a laugh with a new person is the easiest way to find a best friend. When I was introduced to laughter by these three people, I started to become more social throughout my middle school years, and now onto my high school career as well. @CAPS2 I lived a life without laughter, I would lose the life I have, and it would be filled with dull memories that are not worth sharing, and to me, that is definitely not worth it. Over the past six years, I have gained three best friends due to laughter, this really does go to show that laughter is the shortest distance between two people, and is truly a @CAPS1 to have it.
