                            From Laughter to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 the first day of school last year, I walked through the doors of the school hoping I would make a friend or two. I was not sure of how this would happen but I hoped for the best. I entered my first class and sat at a table with all unknown faces. I wanted to say something but was afraid of their reactions. The teacher made us play a couple games where we had to introduce ourselves. Those didn't really help. Everybody was tense and it was all awkward. I @CAPS3 wanted to be myself already and make friends. For the rest of the day, all my classes were like that. Everybody was tense and awkward, like something was keeping us quiet. Not knowing anybody didn't help the situation a bit. That was the first day for me. The second day I walk through the school doors determined to make some friends. I thought about what jokes I could say, what interesting thing about myself I could share, but to me all those sounded like stupid ideas. I walk into humanities and sat at a table with a friendly looking girl. The teacher told us to introduce ourselves to the other students at the table we were sitting at. For a minute or so it was very silent, but i wanted to introduce myself so bad. I couldn't stand this silence any longer. I looked in by back pack to grab a pencil and I see a note from my mom saying " @CAPS4 be yourself and make some friends honey, have a great day at school. :) ". I started laughing because I thought it was funny that my mom actually wrote me a note and stuck it in my back pack. It was so unexpected and I felt like a child. I started laughing and when I looked up, I saw that the girl next to me was laughing too. I knew I had to say something, so I did. I said, " @CAPS5 my names @PERSON1, but you can call me @CAPS4 for short. Whats your name? ". The girl looked at me, smiled, and said, " @CAPS5, my names @CAPS8". Then I asked her what middle school she came from and other questions. We stared talking, we exchanged numbers, and we became good friends. From laughter to @CAPS1, who would have known? A year has gone by and we are still friends. We always laugh about how we started talking. A few days ago I told her how I felt @CAPS2 that second day of school. I told her I was scared to introduce myself. She said she felt the same way and she didn't know what to do either. Since then I thank my mom for writing that note because without it I wouldn't have laughed and made @CAPS8 laugh and I wouldn't have made such a great friend.
