 Laughter is almost always a good thing, mainly because when people laugh it means their happy or something is funny. It can be very beneficial at times, for instance when someone is not feeling to happy people always try to make them laugh to make them feel better. When I am faced with someone I don't know usually my first instinct is to try to and them laugh. laughter has always been a source of enjoyment and it still is today, We have certain advantages now than we had one hundred years ago. For instance now @CAPS2 we want to laugh we need only to pick up remote and turn on the @CAPS1, we can even choose what we want to laugh at and we even have the ability to go and search for something to laugh at on the internet. Sometimes people go to comedy clubs to go and see a stand up comedians. Comedy and laughter go hand in hand, from the very first time someone laughed comedy was born and will be around forever unless being happy becomes outlawed. I remember that when ever my parents would have a new friend over then only thing I would hear when they were at my house was then sound of both my parents and our new guest laughing. Soon the new guest was over much more often.  Laughing is also a very important part of any relationship because it makes the person whom is making the other laugh more of a pleasure to be around and thus makes them sometimes like them more, @CAPS2 you have ever noticed men usually try to make the women laugh in order to try to get that member of the opposite sex to like them. This and the accompanying of physical attraction help start the relationship. I have herd but am not certain that laughter can also be therapeutic, sometimes I like to laugh when I'm not felling so good so it @MONTH1 possibly be therapeutic for me. @CAPS2 this is so than people have been going through therapy for many years. Sometimes people laugh even @CAPS2 the subject is not funny they only do this because otherwise the situation would be somewhat awkward and one might fell kind of out of place. Everyone has a different laugh some are louder than others and some have a type of rhythm to them, my mother has a very loud and high pitched laugh and my grandpa has a low and scratchy laugh, no matter what your laugh is like it can help you feel better it can also help you become closer to someone. laughing is just one of life's greatest pleasures and we should all take a chance to just sit and laugh.
