Trust is a huge deal between friends. Friends agree on the same things, say an honest opinion about it, and don't lose the trust between a great friendship. You never know who can stay by you with a full amount of trust between you two.When you trust a friend you depend on them to keep things between each other. Just like my friends and I. We agreed on telling each other everything that has happened and not to lie about anything. We agreed on everything based on trust. Our friendship has always been great with not lying to each other. Telling each other how we feel about certain things. Then we put all our opinions together and come up with a solution that we all agree on. That's why you should depend each other like a team. When you break a trust between a friend, you probably won't get the same trust you had before. You don't really get told anything as much as you use to. An it's like you never should have lost the trust with a friend. You don't seem to be the same because you aren't trusted that much. You get told it was your fault lying or for any reason to be not trusted. Like this one time one of friends didn't tell me the whole truth of what she was doing behind my back. Till I found out what she was doing I lost most of my trust with her. She's not trusted as much she was before, but we are still friends.That's why having trust is a big deal in a friendship or any kind of relationship. You learn to trust each other in different ways, get to know each other more by having the trust between you and other person. You get a lot more attention when you have that trust with other people. You don't seem like you are left out on anything. You see that you can trust more people to when you get to know them. Who knows that you have trust for another person who isn't your best friend.So we all know that trust is a huge deal between two people or maybe even more. You need to work together for the trust. Have a good friendship or relationship to anybody as long as there is trust between you guys. My friends and I have learned a lot from trusting each other in different ways.
