 Laughter, to me, is an important aspect of my relationship with anyone. I cherish laughter, and I employ it at every chance that I receive. To many, laughter @MONTH1 be trivial, but to me, it holds the key to my relationships with other people. Without laughter, many of the wonderful people I have met in my life, might not be their because I used laughter to develop them into friendships.  Friends were hard to come by in my childhood. I did not make good choices, not with whom I associated myself with; rather, with how I approached other people for the first time. I would come off as brash, rude, or annoying, to name a few among many. I had no experience with making relationships, and the first impression is very important. Just like any meal, the first sense that is appealed to, is sight. The image of the meal floods the mind, next, the aroma floats aimlessly towards you, and you begin to salivate in anticipation. And like any recipe, to perfect it, you must practice, and that is what I did. It was a long and arduous process, but come my sophomore year in @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I began to feel like I mastered the art of making other people laugh. As students, and individuals, people come and go, we @MONTH1 truly end up forgetting their entire being, or we @MONTH1 leave an impression on their mind. I try this through laughter; to be remembered if not, only for a day. Using laughter, I acquired new opportunities to make friends, and I did not squander those opportunities. I surrounded myself in a net of laughter, I developed the necessary skills to make people laugh. I enjoyed it, and I still do. One relationship that I built, is with a young women. I had never spoken to her before, until our teacher put us into a group together. Laughter was the essential building block of our future relationship. I was myself, I would not pretend to be someone I'm not, I would express puns that our youth are so fond of, euphemisms our generation know all to well. We would listen to the same music, and gradually, our relationship was nurtured into a stead-fast friendship. It has developed to the point were, in class, we long for each others company. We look for classes to have together because we love to make each other laugh. And because of laughter, I have made a friend with whom I share secrets, time, and moments with which I shall forever cherish. Recently she has decided to start playing tennis. Needless to say, I was ecstatic. I would like nothing more to help her, and whomever so decides to partake in my leadership. I do not necessarily claim to be the best, but I am confident in my abilities to teach the techniques, and fundamentals of the game. Their is not much more I would like to do, that is to play the sport that I love, with the women I love. And most of the credit belongs to laughter because, when her amiable face lights up from something I said, it means all the world to me, whether she knows it, or not. I have many such connections with other people from both sexes, but none so much as hers. I worked hard to build connections with other people because they would make life that mach easier, and that much more enjoyable. In @CAPS1 @CAPS2 their are no exclusive social groups, or roving bands of football players ready to pick out the weakest of the student population. We are all friends, we are all one community, we all belong, and that is due, in part, by laughter. Laughter connects people from around the world, it is the universal language every race, skin color, and religion all speak. It can bring us together or it can tear us apart, but in life, the medicine most prescribed, is laughter.
