                                   Laughter. Laughter is a key thing to have in a relationship. I once knew someone that had a great relationship becuse of laughter. They didnt think that they would still be together if they ddnt have any laughter in their relationship. Laughter is the shortest distance between each other because if you dont see this person, but you can sill laugh with this personand have a great relationship with that other person.  Laughter between these two people laughed all the time and they got closer then ever, even though they didnt see eachother all the time, everyday I knew that there relationship wouldnt be alive anymore if they didnt have there laughter, it means that you are happy with that person.  Laughing with somone that you care about also means that you can trust that person and you are being yourself around that person and you dont have to act how you would normally with someone else that you dont trust! I had a boyfriend that i could laugh with all day everyday and thats what kept our relationship together. We laughed instead of talking because that says how we feel towards each other, and we could just tell that we were happy with each other just by laughing. Sittin on the couch staring at each other in the eyes, then we just started to laugh because we thought of something that we had said that made us bust up and just to laugh like crazy even with out saying any words.  Even though we had our fights we would still laugh at eachother and things that made us laugh that one other said. I would be really upset and sad and he would would just know what to say to make me laugh, then i am happy because i know trhat he ares about me and cares if im happy or sad I am. A real relationship is very hard to find with a guy that can make you laugh when your really upset or mad by just smiling or saying somethings that is goofy. Even though he was mad at me he would still try to make me laugh or smile because thats what i relationship is about. If you cant smile or be happy with that person that you "love" then you shouldnt be with that person because you know that you wont be happy and you will always be depressed or just plan old mad at that person. Laughter is a key thing and its something that can bring your relationship closer in many ways. If you laugh with that person and you can be yourself that means that if you break up after if it didnt work then that is probably a good sign that you guys will be great friends after. I believe that laughter is something that makes two people closer and then it also is the shortest distance between two people, if you dont wanna talk like me and my boyfriend do we just sit or stand there and laugh because we knew that we could just laugh at eachother and im sure people that we were weird or something, but we didnt even care so we would just laugh and laugh all day everyday all night long. I think that if you arent even in a relationship and you guys or gals are just great friends like me and my friend @CAPS1 are then you can just laugh at everything that you think is funny and just have a great time, you dont have to be in a relationship with someone to laugh with someone. Laughing is great fort the soal.
