 Moving around from place to place was always hard, I hated the thought of never seeing any friends or family. Never was the only word I could hold on to, there was no point in hope it was a futile feeling. I knew I would dearly miss @LOCATION1, and @ORGANIZATION1 just sounded so far; a twelve hour drive seemed like the edge of the earth to me. I visited @ORGANIZATION1 before, it was boring to tell the truth, and on top of that looking for a new house would bore me furthermore, all I could think about was @LOCATION1. Now I was moving there! When I first heard about the move I was infuriated and tried to fight against this poor decision, I was sure that my parents were making a mistake. As hard as I fought I could not win, my tears coulden't move my parents in the slightest way even In my greatest efforts, I was broken and confined to the moving van for twelve hours but to me it felt like forever. Finally my departure was over and my legs were sore and tired, I didn't want to manouver out of my seat or even touch @ORGANIZATION1's soil. The ground was dirty and tainted and the apartment complex was old and overly occupied, the rain and mud didn't help my attitude much either. Everything about this place was digusting and the thought of still sharing a room with my younger brother made me feel sick to my stomach. I stepped foot out side and entered my apartment and went straight to my bleakly colored room. I sat down and collected my thoughts trying to determine the pros and cons of my situation. The walls were caving in on me and they seemed to take the shape of bars, I was condemed to this fait that I could not escape untill I turned @NUM1, and that was more than @NUM2 years away! I was stuck in my apartment for three days before I wandered outside, but it wasn't all that horrible concidering it was raining all the time even at the end of the @DATE2 which was abnormal for me. I didn't want to leave my room or my apartment, all I wanted to do is watch @DATE1 @TIME1 cartoons in my room. I felt alone and out of place I had no friends to talk to, my parents wouldent listen to me, and my little brother was only @NUM3 so he wouldent understand. There were no more smiles when I found out that I had to go to school the next day. Aloha park sounded like some school that would have great funding and spoiled rich kids in it but it was actually the exact opposite. It was an older school with kids that mostly lived in lower income housing at the time. In someways it was rather comforting knowing that I lived the same way temporarily. The first day of school was frightening, it was my first major transition into a new unfamilliar place. My teacher was old and grouchy, she seemed to have a major chip on her shoulder. Suddenly, out of the blue she held my hand in the hallway which was humilliating and definately not comforting. I heard my new classmates giggle and laugh when they saw me I thought I would never make any friends. The humiliation was withstandable but the thought of being in this class for the next nine months was a fear beyond belief. My teacher told me to take a seat on the far side of the room next to three boys, they all had the same expression which was an amalgamation of both alienated confusion and territorial pride. The feeling of being unwelcome would be an understament of the new nervous sensation that had surrounded me. I sat down unaware of the actions that the three boys might deal on to me, surprisingly the only occurence was a series of temporary stares and an aquard silence.  As the day continued life had again had become somewhat casual, until the boys had started to talk about the opposite gender and my attention was directly turned towards them. I sat there and quietly listened and smirked at the inapropriate conversation that I was clearly not supposed to be a part of. They laughed and snickerd and covered their mouths embarassingly, as I looked at them and concidered them amatures of the comical arts. I wanted to say something that I held onto for the whole conversation and then I took my chances to add a most important joke and quickly I muttered my overly inapropriate sentence. They confusingly looked at me and asked me what I had said, I wasnt sure how they would take the joke but I risked another chance and repeated it. The group of boys grew silent and the only noises were those of the other students talking to eachother, suddenly they bursted out laughing. I was overjoyed that they had a sense of humor, and after that I had friends and @CAPS1.    
