                               The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3  The beautiful flames danced so peacefully in the @CAPS1 air. The faint shimmer of the blaze was the only light we had. As I stared at the majestic destruction of the warm, humid air, I felt someone or something watching me from behind. The weight of the sixty pounds of wood started to get heavy as I walked from one side of the house to the other. Finally, I reached the trailer just to be told by @PERSON4, my best friends mom, the she didn't think we would need that much wood. I thought to myself the this was going to be a long weekend. After about two hours of packing clothes, food, water, sleeping bags, pillows, and tents we headed out for @ORGANIZATION1. It would be about two hours of driving, that felt like twenty minutes. @PERSON3, @PERSON1, @PERSON2, @PERSON4, and I were the worst group of people to put into one car. We all yell and fight and punch at each other just for fun. Once we arrived at our destination, we sprung out of the car like a hive of angry bees. I race @PERSON2 to the @ORGANIZATION1. the second we were done unpacking our belongings. The first few days were spent basking in the one hundred degree heat, swimming, and flirting with the random girls we found around the camp site. We slept as little as possible, so that we could enjoy the friendship and just pure fun we were having. During day two, we decided to go mountain biking. We were on those bikes for hours before we noticed the sun was going down. In the moment we all turned and saw the most extravagant view the earth has ever created. There were burst of orange and red. The colors ricochet from cloud to cloud. After hours of riding our bikes in the heat, we chose to go for a swim. As we swam I felt something touching my foot. Then all of a sudden there was a hand on my foot. When I looked down to see who was grabbing me, it was only a stick. As I looked closer, it turned out to be a root system of a fallen tree. It looked fake, as if someone or something had put it there. This though sparked a conversation about @CAPS2 for the day to come.  The sparks danced together as if they were @CAPS4 and the @LOCATION1. The only light we had was the brilliant glow of the fire. @PERSON3 was playing a gorgeous melody on his guitar. As I listened and enjoyed the flawlessness of nature, I felt someone watching me from behind. I nudged @PERSON3 and when we turned around, our hearts stopped. There was a spinning green light, almost twenty feet in the air. I spoke the word everyone was dreading, @CAPS2. I had slowly stood up and the light started spinning faster. I quickly grabbed the machete, that was next to me, and approached the light. As I grew closer, I could make out small figured in the @CAPS1 shadows. Then, an eruption of children laughing came booming from the direction of the light. A little boy emerged, unable to control is laughter, and ran away. After returning to my seat next to the camp fire, I thought about life. What if @CAPS2 were real and they are watching us. No, there not real. I laughed it off, and continued my week long vacation.
