  While you being to make any kinda of relationship with anyone, you are usually going to start off making jokes and being silly. Whether your trying to be flirty with them, or just be the funny one and make a good, first impression. Usually all of these things lead to someone laughing; even if they really didn't have a reason to. Anyone who is shy around new people, will most likely laugh about anything they say. If it's someone you already knew, you could always be giggling about something. There are different types of relationships you build with different people and laughter is almost always the number one way to keep it together.   When you have been in a strong friendship with someone, you are already very close with each other. The laughing, crying, and fighting you do with that person, will make the relationship stronger. There are times that you spend with another individual that will makes steps towards sticking together. From my experiences, i will become somebodies close friend for quite sometime; then we will get into an argument and no longer be friends. Although we fought and wished to not talk, we became good friends again because of all the time we had spent laughing together. Being sad all the time, with no one else to laugh with, made us realize how much we missed each other. Even though meeting someone new was simple; it didn't last as long as the friendship i had with the other person.  Truly, when you meet someone for the first time, whether it's a boy or a girl, you will laugh and make jokes almost the whole time. That might even be how it will stay. Once you have known a person for so long, you can tell what type of relationship you will have with them. The connection you make with them is simple;you could get along, or you could always argue. No matter what relationship you make with an acquaintance, will most likely be the same all the time. When you are not as close with another person, you tend to not care about the friendship as often. You wont be as emotional, although your experiences you have with them could always lead to laughing. The time you spend with anyone should always be full of fun and laughter.      Another form of laughter could be spent with a boyfriend or girlfriend. in my opinion, you will make a special connection with your other half. When two people have chosen to be together, they're choosing to spend their time getting to know each other on a different level. The fun and laughter they will create can put them on a higher level of love the you would have with a best friend. Couples should be enjoying their time together laughing, and making each other happy. Making each other laugh will allow them to be closer in friendship; becoming comfortable with one another. they will gain more confidence and ability, just by sharing the times laughing together.   The laughter you laugh with anyone, will build any type of relationship. Usually the first impression will identify the connection you have with that individual. There are always ways that you will act with one person and not the other. The three different types of friendship that are most common are; acquaintances, boy friend/girl friend, and close friends. All of the friends you make, people you meet, will involve a lot of laughter.
