        Family trip @CAPS1 the @DATE1 my family and I decided to have a trip to @LOCATION2. My father, who had recently woken up from a comma, was in a state of depression. The doctor recommended that my mother should start planning family activities and do some over the @DATE1 break. I was twelve at the time, and noticed how my father was coping with the fact that he had both of lost his arms. He tried to hide the fact that it was too much for him to handle, but that only worried us more about his health. My mother, along with my sister @CAPS2 and I decided to go out on a trip -to distract my father- and hopefully get him out of his depression.  On the day of the trip we headed out at about @NUM1 am from the apartments. My mother was the type of person who would always be early for anything. Overnight we had packed our bags and already had the stuff in the car. Since we lived in the upper apartments, my mother and I helped my father -since there was no way for him to keep himself balanced- while going down the stairs. He didn't seem enthusiastic about the whole trip, but I made sure to get my sisters excited and they kept on talking with my father in the car. A few hours later, one by one my sisters started falling asleep then my father started sleeping. My mother was starting to get drowsy so I stayed up and started talking to her about random subjects. As I kept her company she began telling me stories about her childhood - the laughs she would get when her cousins pranked one another- and so on. Some of the stories were so funny we tried not to wake everyone up with our laughter. Even though she had lived a rough childhood, her cousin @PERSON2 was the one that had always known how to make her laugh.  My father and sisters woke up and started to get carsick, so my mother ended up exiting towards @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. As we began to look for a gas station we began to hear loud music, and as we got closer we noticed that there was a carnival in the middle of the city. My sister @CAPS2 who was @NUM2-years-old at the time began complaining along with @PERSON1 who was eight-years-old. I tried to convince my parents, and my mother agreed but my father only got mad. That was until my sister @CAPS4 who was @NUM3-years-old began on ranting on and on, until my father finally agreed.  My mother parked the car at the nearby park and my sisters ran ahead of us to the carnival. My mother tried to catch up with them while I locked the car from the inside. As we arrived to the carnival, we saw stands filled with jewelry, clothing, and other small items. We kept on walking and saw a group of gypsies dancing on stage. Later on a comedian went up and he made everyone laugh in the audience. After watching the gypsies and the comedian, we started to look around. We ended up buying three @CAPS5 parasols and the fourth parasol was free. We thanked the saleswoman as we opened our parasols for some shade. The @DATE1 heat was starting to get worse, so we headed towards the car.  As we reached the car, my mother's face turned pale, she had left the car keys inside. She began arguing with me, and I began regretting the whole trip. I was exhausted and didn't want to argue. My father finally interrupted by telling us that he was going to search for a wire hanger from one of the stands in the carnival. As he left with my sister @PERSON1, the rest of us began walking towards the park. @CAPS4 began pouting and my mother kept on blaming me for locking the car, meanwhile I pretended I was deaf. After my father came back with a wire hanger, I began straightening it out and bending one side to create a hook. After many tries I still couldn't open the car, and my arms began to hurt. An old couple riding on a motorcycle parked next to us and asked us what we were doing. My father told them we had left the keys inside car. The old man helped us open one of the car doors. We thanked him and said goodbye as we went inside the car.  We decided to head home, exhausted from the whole trip. Even though the destination had changed we enjoyed the trip, and everyone quickly forgot about the incident with the keys. My mother and sisters started joking around, and for the first time since coming out of the hospital my father began laughing.
