 "@CAPS1 ma, do you know where my purse is." I wonder where it is, I need to put my license in my wallet. I kept looking around and found it in my room under all my dirty clothes. A sigh of relief came over me, I was glad I found it before something happened. I woke up @DATE1 @TIME1 and figured it would be just another day. I had plans to go to a basketball game after school. It was the biggest game of the season, we were playing our rivals, the @CAPS2 @CAPS3. The day was going by slow though, I couldn't wait until it was over. Finally the bell rang, school was over, I drove home a little disappointed. I wasn't sure if my friends were going to the game with me, if they didn't go I probably wouldn't either. I was determined though, I texted them at five and convinced them it would be fun. I picked up my friend @PERSON1 first, then @PERSON2.  This is when my normal day turned into one of the most eventful days ever. The @ORGANIZATION1 (where the game was being held) was about twenty minutes away, I had to stop and get gas before we left. We went to the cheapest spot in town and filled up my car. When it was time to leave, my car decided not to start. I have an old car and it doesn't start all the time, it just sits there for a while until it wants to start. There were some guys in the other lane that we new staring at us. We just started laughing it was really embarrassing. The attendant asked us if we needed something else and I said no, my car just wasn't starting. I tried turning it on again, but it just kept dieing. Out of all the other days my car decided not to start, today. Then some men came out and told me that they had to move my car I got so embarrassed and starting laughing again. I always laugh when I get nervous. I told them to let me try turning on my car once more, I prayed my car would turn on this time. It did, I was so relieved and embarrassed, I left as soon as I could.  Twenty minutes later we were in @ORGANIZATION1 in front of the school, and just my luck again, no parking spots. We drove around for about five minutes until we found one that was walking distance. Then we gathered our things and walked to the game. It hadn't started yet but it was about to, I had a feeling it would be a really close game. Soon the game began and just how I figured, the game kept going back and forth, we got a point, they got a point. It was really exciting but there where two parents behind us that were really into the game. They kept shouting at players, shouting at the referee, and just being annoying. The game was good, but in the end The @CAPS2 @CAPS3 won by @CAPS6 points. It was a little disappointing, but The @ORGANIZATION1 did have a good team.   After the game we were going to eat at @ORGANIZATION2. We left the game quickly after it was over so we wouldn't get stuck in traffic. I was driving down this road I thought I new but then I realized I didn't recognize it at all. @PERSON2 told me to keep going she new where we were. I stayed on the road and luckily it took us straight to down town by @CAPS7. I got onto one of the main roads and headed to @ORGANIZATION2. The road I was on had a million stop lights though, and I was stopping every @NUM1 minutes. Then a pedestrian decided to cross the street in front of me, I waited for him to cross even though he wasn't even on a crosswalk. I kept going no worries on my mind, music blasting, when suddenly rainbow lights behind me. This day couldn't get any worse, I pulled over and waited for the @CAPS8 to come up to my window. He asked for my license and registration. I got my purse and looked in my wallet. My heart pounded where was my license i had just put it in my purse a few days ago. I started to panic and laughter filled the air. My nerves got to me I couldn't help it. I looked everywhere finally he asked if I had my school I.D, I went to pull it out and there was my license right underneath. He went back to his car, leaving me bursting with laughter. He came back and told me my insurance was expired, another thing that added to my day. I was still laughing when he gave me my ticket for speeding and expired insurance. I think I got it because I was laughing and he thought I was taking it as a joke. You cant control nerves though, or at least I can't.
