 In many relationships I have had, there has always been laughter, love, sadness, anger and complacations. Allthough there has been one person I had a relationship with that did not involve laughter and it was reather boring and sad. I would spend troumendous hours of my time to just get one little giggle or sound of laughter out of him. He was a rather gental soul and could never harm a fly, but still could not laugh eventhough he was happy. I would ask many times over and over "are you sure your happy because you dont seem like it? I never see you smiling or laughing all I see is a frown" I told him with a sour face and he replyed back "yes, @CAPS1 I am happy but just becuase I don't laugh doesn't mean I am not and besides with that silly grin on your face, how could I not be happy?" with that reply I simply just shrugged and began again. "then why cant you not laugh?" and he replyed back in a drowsy voice because he was gettig tired of the same topic everyday. "its not that I can't laugh its that I choose not to" and I said "well why on earth would you do that?" he sighed and huffed really getting tired of the topic. "allright if you don't stop this" he said in a gental but strained voice, "im going to have to stop being so nice to you and I just might not talk to you for the rest of the year" but of course he was only joking, he could never not be nice to me and besides he was my bestfriend he couldn't not talk to me. The topic was dropped and never brought up again until the @DATE1 I saw him. It was a cold @DATE2 when I walked out of my house one morning to go to school. I saw a big moving rental truck outside of his house and instandtly knew that he had not lied to me but rather did not tell me that he was moving away. I began to think that it was because of me always asking him why he would not laugh but that would be a silly reason to leave. I went over to his house not caring if I was late or never did show up for school that @DATE2, I had to figure out why he was leaving. Once I got to the porch of his house he was walking to the door and I blocked the door way so that he could not go any further making sure that if he wanted to get the box of clothes to the truck that he would have to answer me. I asked him and he said, "my father got a promotion at work and now we have to move to new york". I begain to cry as he told me this, I was young about eight years of age and he was twellve. I knew I was not going to get to see him again so I made sure that before I lefted to school that we would hang out before he lefted. That night at the park he told me willingly without me asking him. "@CAPS1, I know you have always wondered why I dont luagh" he said and went on "like I said its not that I cant laugh its that I dont want to...I just...when I was young I was teased because of my smile". I didnt understand, why would anyone tease him? so I asked "why though? why would someone tease you, your nice" and he repled "because before my new teeth grew in my old ones didn't look so great". And once again I was still puzzled his teeth looked good to me so I asked again "then why don't you smile now your teeth look fine to me" he said "I would but I don't know after being teased for so many years I just didn't feel the need to and now well...I could smile and truth be told I want to" I said "really!?" with too much excitment. "yes, and the only reason is you, your about the only person that makes me want to smile, its because of that grin you always have your always so happy. I just couldnt admit it to myself well becasue your a girl and to me I guess having a girl make me want to amile and being my only friend that is younger than me makes me feel a little weak." I didnt understand this at the time but now that I am older I do and I am so glad that I had that one night to see his smile and many phone calls to hear his laughter. I once heard that laughter is the shortest distance between two people and quite frankly it is absoultyl true becuase after that night our friendship grew even further with just a phone call a @DATE2 and a little laughter.
