 Laughter is indeed an important part of anyone's day. For whatever reason, humans like to laugh, and they like to make others laugh as well. But that reminds me of a funny story... There was this time that I had to take a writing test. In fact, the test was very much like this one. In fact, it was this one. I had to write about one of four topics. Unfortunately, all four of them were about as vague as they could possibly be, and this made picking one rather challenging. After staring at the screen for a good fifteen minutes or so, I began to silently laugh at my situation: I have to write about one of four things when not a single one was even remotely interesting. For some reason, I found my problematic situation amusing, as I am kind of weird that way. But then it hit me... one of the four topics was about laughter... why not write about myself laughing at the irony of my situation? Yes, all I had to do was tell a true story about a time I laughed, so I used this delightful vagueness to my advantage. The topic did not state that the laugh had to be an actually audible one, nor did it state what kind of laugh it had to be, so I figured a silent laugh at irony would do just as well as an audible laugh at something silly.  So now I had my topic. To make things even more amusing, as I wrote about myself laughing at the fact that I had to write about myself laughing, I began to laugh at how silly the task I was carrying out was. However, I began to worry that whoever is grading these things @MONTH1 not find this as amusing as I did, which would perhaps hurt my grade. But that possibility served only to make the situation even more ironic, and consequently amusing.  You @MONTH1 think that I am easily amused, but to that I must say: well, yeah, I kind of am. I can find almost anything amusing, but that, I find, is the beauty of laughter. It is so abstract, that each and every person experiences it in differently. Some people @MONTH1 find very simple things considerably amusing, but others @MONTH1 be not so easily amused. These differences are part of why interacting with other people is so enjoyable. As I said before, humans like to laugh, and we like to make other people laugh with us. And regardless of the way you @MONTH1 interpret laughter's abstract form, you've got to admit: it's kind of funny.
