 LAUGHTER @CAPS1 knows that laughter is a healing medicine. It has the power to ease a lot of aches and pains, such as the hole in someone's heart after a breakup or the suffering of someone unable to provide for their family. However, the kind of aches laughter eased in my life was the pain from the loss of a dear friend and teacher. Recently, one of the best teachers I've gotten the chance to know passed away. He was trying to get into the @ORGANIZATION1 to set up his lesson plans for the @TIME1, when the fatal incident happened. <@NUM1</@CAPS2> had a doctor's appointment that day and had gotten a substitute to take his place. It was six o'clock in the @TIME1 and still dark out as @PERSON2 tried to open the doors of the @ORGANIZATION1. Before he knew it, he was down on the ground waiting for someone to come help. Eventually, @PERSON1, the janitor, came out, spotted him and quickly called @NUM2. The ambulance hustled to come pick him up and rushed him to the hospital for emergency care. As soon as they got there, they found out he had had a heart attack. He'd had a couple minor ones before this one. However, this heart attack was big. It took his life and they weren't able to revive him. @PERSON2 was pronounced dead on the day of @DATE1.  Our principle called for an emergency assembly when we all had arrived at @ORGANIZATION1 that @TIME1. We had known something was wrong, considering the strange looks on all of our teachers' faces. All the students gathered together in the small gym of our @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. The air was filled with anticipation as we waited for something to happen. After a bit, a man we all knew walked out in front of us with a microphone in his hand. With slumped shoulders and a grim face, @PERSON3, our principle, told us of the tragic news. My mouth fell open and I gasped. I could hear people adjusting in their seats and murmuring among themselves as they struggled to take in the devastating news. Looking around, I saw the same shocked expressions on @CAPS1 of my classmates' faces. I didn't know what to do. I wanted to cry, but I couldn't just yet. @PERSON3 explained the situation further as we intently listened to the sickening words coming out of his mouth. I was in shock. I didn't believe that @PERSON2 was gone.  After our principle was finished speaking, we were ushered out of the gym by melancholy teachers and told to report to our first period class. As I made my way to my locker, I heard sobbing, but it was mostly silent. I quickly grabbed the folder for my first class and closed the locker, wanting to get out of the hallway and into a more private area. Walking into the classroom, I sat at my desk. People in my class filed in through the door and took their seats as well. Our teacher for that class didn't talk to us, so we presumed we weren't doing anything. Sitting there in silence and feeling helpless I put my head down on my desk and started to cry. It really happened, I thought to myself. The reality of the @TIME1 was setting in.  By the end of first period, the sleeve of my sweatshirt was drenched in tears and mascara. Nobody had really said anything, but that was okay. Seeing that I had been crying, people stopped to hug me as I sluggishly walked down the hallway to my second period class. I expected my next class to be a lot like the first, but it wasn't. In place of the cold silence, was the soft sound of music. Instead of crying by themselves, people were being comforted by friends. Students were making cards for @PERSON2's family. We were all reminiscing the good times we had with @PERSON2. We retold the stories he told us of his life in the classes he taught. We remembered the funny crack he would get in his voice when he raised it in even the slightest way. We laughed when we remembered how he couldn't hang up anything straight and that the evidence was on his classroom walls. For the first time in that already long day, we felt alright. We felt as if we could celebrate his life, not mourn it.  The rest of the day was alright. Not because we lost a great teacher, but because we could love and appreciate a great teacher. Laughter eased the pain and sorrow of that dreadful day. We could remember and laugh about the good times we had in the classroom with him throughout our @CAPS3. @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION1 years. We could remember the man @PERSON2 was through the small tickle in our bellies. Laughter brought us together in a time of need.
