 When people think of football they think of the quarter back. When people think of basketball they think of the point guard. When people think of soccer they think of the goalie. Well when people think of softball they think of the pitcher. All these sports have one position where they are automatically put in a leader position. In softball the game always starts with the pitcher and usually ends with the pitcher. The pitcher is in every single play. Sometimes the pitcher pitches it and the big @NUM1 inch softball comes darting back at you before you even blink your eye and then the ball that you just threw underhand you now have to throw overhand to any of the four bases in a matter of seconds. To play a major position on a team and be a successful leader you need to be encouraging, helpful, and most importantly when the game is not going the way you want it to go, be able to stay calm and laugh and joke about the situation.I have been pitching fast pitch softball for ten years, and the compliment I get the most often is "you have the best pitcher's mentality I have ever seen". It is so stressful to be in a really competitive game and have the whole game on your shoulders. Three people on base, one bad pitch right down the middle and it is over the fence. One pitch can completely change the game! At times like these when the pitch just didn't go the way it was supposed to go and your whole time just looks at you with this gloomy expression on their face. As the leader on the team you can't just act defeated as you feel. I have observed numerous pitchers who just completely give up and look defeated. By being a leader, the other athletes look to you to see your reaction. If you look like you have no hope, then players assume that the game is over and the very next play they will mess up and so on and it will just get worse. By smiling and encouraging your teammates, they see that the leader hasn't given up and neither should they, this is always better in the long run. Players tend to look at who as the most authority on the field and respond the exact same way as they do.I play for a team that most of the players this is their second to third year. We are not a very good team but we practice hard and we never give up, it doesn't matter what the score is. In our league out of the seven other teams four are in the top ten in the entire state. One team in particular is @LOCATION1, they were first in state last year and were are very first game last year. By the third inning we were losing @NUM2. Even though I knew there was no possible way we were going to catch up, my goal was not to let them score again. In between innings I talked to every single player on my team, I tried cheesy jokes, inside jokes, anything to get rid of the tension. It worked and we played much better by having fun and being relaxed. Being in stressful situations people just have to find a way to laugh it off and see the bright side of any predicament and be able to get through it.
