 A couple years ago when I was in middle school I meet one of my bestfriend which who I have great times with. When I first meet her was in math class where she had an assigned seat next to me. We started talking and eventhough we did'nt know each other very well i could say laughter was the closest distance between me and her. We would just laugh at really random things that happened because we did'nt really know what to talk about. Sometimes it would'nt make sence of what we were laughing about. But we laughed any way eventhough we did'nt understand each others jokes.Laughing was something that keped our distance close. Time went by and we became good friends. Laughing was the one thing that keped us cose together because we had nothing better to do. We both are people that like to laugh a lot and if not we get bored. If me or her had no humor when we first meet I don't think we would of got along so well at the end. We did'nt really have anything to do because we did'nt know each other very good. We would only hang out during lunch and any other class we had together but all we did was laugh at what we thought was funny which was really dumb. We had nothing better to do.  A couple months latter we seemed to become really close friends and not just in laughter. We knew each other much better and finally had things to talk about and we found out we had something in common. Laughter still had something to do with our friendship but not as much as the begining of when we first meet. During math time we were always talking and laughing at the things we would say. That had never happened before. But now we were able to talk about other things too not just things that made us laugh and we new that laughter is'nt the only thing that is keeping us colse together. Now we had other ways to get along too. We both had friends that we could get along with differenlty. I had some friends with not a really close distance but we would laugh a lot. With some of my other friends I did'nt really laugh that much and we had a very close friendship. My friends and I can get along in different ways not just in laughter. We all have differents ways to get along and have fun. Some of them are really calm and some of them like to laugh a lot like me. Mostly all of the are just the type that like to be laughing all the time but we are closer because of the way we are with each other.  I think that laughing could be the shortest distance between two people. There are other things that can keep two people close together. Laughing does help people have a good time together but I don't think is a big, big part of a friendship. I think its how they get along and if the have somethings on common. It also depends on how they get along and how they treat each other. Everybody has a different way of what keeps them close to a friend so I think it's different for everybody.
