 The sound of laughter could be one that breaks all barriers. Just a single giggle or quiet chuckle can expand someone's world. Laughter is a sign. It's something that tells someone new ideas, desires, or dreams are going to be created. Once one laughs, he or she getting along with someone -- they're forming a relationship. The first time @PERSON1 and I laughed together, there was no doubt in my mind it was the start of something new. Once I heard his cautious, unsure, delighted, and just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggle, I was set and ready to be swept off my feet.  I was privileged to hear that laugh for three days of my summer in the year @DATE2. It was a @DATE1, and for the past four days I was bounding and skipping throughout mountains and hills in the never ending desert of @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1. That day, my cousin @CAPS1 and I were about to wander in to a familiar territory of ours: the mall. As a bonus, that cautious, unsure, delighted, and just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggle was bounding and skipping along with us. When @PERSON1 walked over to us in the food court, he definitely succeeded in playing it cool. You could tell he actually made time to comb his hair and decide what he was going to wear just to look as spiffy as he was. "@CAPS2, hey guys!" he called out smoothly. Our eyes met immediately, and already my cheeks hurt. The next few minutes that we spent together were crucial. I needed to make a good impression on this guy. We stood in the line of @ORGANIZATION1, where he would retrieve his usual order of two @CAPS3 @CAPS4' @CAPS5 without lettuce, a large order of fries, and a large @CAPS6. Pepper. As for me, all I wanted was a small vanilla ice cream cone. Glancing over at the other register, I saw @PERSON1 turn his head my way in the corner of my eye. "@CAPS7, do you have @MONEY1?" he hesitantly asked me. He fiddled with his pockets a little, while also brushing his luscious blond locks from his face. I chuckled silently to myself, and his reaction was one that is to this day one of my favorite things about him -- his smile. Still chuckling, I said "@CAPS8," and carefully handed him the @MONEY1. To this day, @PERSON1 is my very best friend. Eventually, I did get back the @MONEY1 he owed me. Ever since that one moment when we were standing in the waiting line at @ORGANIZATION1, the next several hours were jam-packed with laughter. I don't really remember a single thing he said that didn't at the very least make me grin as hard as I could. Literally, with several leaps and flips, on that day I made a new friend. And even then, I was completely unaware of the amazing journey there was to come with this boy. It was all because of that very first natural instinct @PERSON1 and I both had towards each other; to laugh. If I had never laughed so hard my stomach was aching, or never laughed so hard tears were running down my cheeks, there is just no way we would have had the connection that we did. His unsure, delighted, and just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggle never gets old. Laughter is one of the main keys in our friendship. One of us has to let out a little cackle every once in a while. Also, @PERSON1 is still in @LOCATION2. I'm not. As badly as we both wish we could be, we're not in the same place. We need to be able to thrive and grow in separate places. So, with that, if someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." then they were absolutely correct. When @PERSON1 and I laugh together, it doesn't feel like we're fifteen hundred miles apart. So this laughter, this just @CAPS2-so-very-cute giggle, is an element and part of my life that I am indescribably grateful for. This laughter formed one of the greatest relationships in my short fifteen years of life, and I sincerely hope it will form many more wonderful memories in the years to come.
