 The wind rose and fell, whipping against the side of the house with full force. My mom said she had never seen such a fierce storm before in her life. It shook the house making it creak in odd places, like the floor boards. My @CAPS2 @PERSON1 sat at the kitchen table contemplating, worrying. They had rental houses acres off that were surrounded by trees, the ground was so soft ,so saturated by the rain and flooding that had taken over the valley. There were already hundreds of trees that had come uprooted there were bound to be more. The little homesteads that rested off of @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 including my papa's were well built weathered farm houses,most were surrounded by hundreds and hundreds of acres of land. You would be surprised to find someone out there with less then @NUM1 acres of land. It's wheat fields mostly, but you can easily find fields of corn, alfalfa, you'll find rows and rows of blueberries so big only @NUM2 can fit on the palm or your hand. It is literally paradise on earth, a small piece of heaven that was thrown down to earth by either accident or purposely. The sun is so bright and the sky is the clearest, most crisp blue. When weather rolls in giant fluffy clouds make the sky look like it's dappled with giant pieces of cotton. All this stretches over land so flat you wonder if it could possibly be real. I have spent so many wonderful , laughter filled summers there. Running bare foot through the fields, playing in the large expansion of lush, green grass. Feeding the goats, chickens, and pigs with my siblings. On @DATE1 my mom said she had never seen a place so beautiful turn so ugly in such a short period of time. My mom says if she had known what was going to happen that day she never would have let them get in that car. My papa, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 @PERSON2 pulled out of the driveway. Since it was a small car my @CAPS2 volunteered to ride in the back. The storm had been showing it's vicious temper for over two hours, and it showed no signs of letting up. They had set out to see what damage had been done on their acres of land, to see what needed fixing once this storm moved on over the mountains. There is no explanation, no one understood why my @CAPS3 walked away with not even a scratch on his body. No one knows how the tree fell or why it only landed on the back end of the car, but it did. Gods hand had swept down and caused destruction. My @CAPS2 was killed instantly, my papa was seriously injured but alive. He spent weeks in the hospital, during those weeks the news of the accident spread like wildfire as news does in a small town. Everyone loved my @CAPS2, she was social butterfly that fluttered from person to person , laughing, talking , sharing tears, and joy. She knew everybody, and everybody knew her. The heavens cried and howled that day, rain drops fell so heavily it felt as if the whole world was crying, crying just for you just to share your grief. It's painful, to lose someone so dear to your heart. My papa cried, he sobbed until he had no strength left to feel any emotion at all. he loved her so much, he needed her . Lightning struck the giant oak that stood tall and proud in my papa's backyard that day. It was the same tree that held my grandparents initials. The lightning split the top of the giant oak clean in two. Everyone saw it as a symbol, sign of how my papa and @CAPS2 had been struck apart quickly and forcefully. But, days before my papa returned home from the hospital, my dad climbed that giant oak and chained the severed part back together. With that my dad had made a symbol of his own, saying you will always be together just not physically, but you will never be truly apart. The day my papa returned home he saw the giant oak, and for the first time in weeks a glimmer of understanding shone in his eyes. A small amount of hope had settled over everything once again. Her funeral was a nice affair, elegant, simple, beautiful, just like her. The whole town came, they reminisced for hours, telling stories about my @CAPS2 and her crazy yet lovable nature. Then from across the room it came. Small at first then growing ever louder. Laughter. A smile, yes there were tears with that laughter, but it was laughter all the same I've never seen the saying " laughter is the best medicine" put to justice better. My @CAPS2 was one person who saw laughter, love, faith and hope as necessities in life. She brought joy to so many people, and now they were returning the favor.
