 A @CAPS1 @CAPS2  For me laughter is a huge part of life. I cannot, nor wish to escape it. @CAPS1 is fun in itself. It always makes tense situations become relaxed and enjoyable. No feeling is more perfect than falling head first into uncontrollable laughter. @CAPS1 is the best way to unite people together and form memories and bonds. In my home and family, too many situations arise that cause the potential, and often result, of laughter. It is the same way with my distant families such as my friends at school. Life growing up with a brother, wonderfully fun neighbors, and cousins have produced most of my @CAPS1 memories. One such time, in which laughter flowed freely, happened rather recently. The situation began when my brother, @PERSON1, had to do a school assignment. @PERSON1 was assigned, by his history teacher, to write a diary entry as if he were a mountain man in the @DATE1's. I did not set out to help him with his homework, but considering the end result, I was thoroughly glad I did. It seemed so unlikely that this task would be so fun. I guess that just shows how laughter can crop up so suddenly and in such unpredictable places. I came into @PERSON1's room and he told me what he was working on, so I leaned over his shoulder and helped him with a few ideas. We were making progress and once reaching a certain point, we both contributed to a subtle humorous comment we decided to add to the entry. Reading our creation, nothing less than an explosion of laughter was triggered. The noise poured out of @PERSON1's room like lava from a volcano! My parents could hear us and likely thought we were crazy! Another person reading our literature might not have laughed at all, but to us it was hilarious. Being in a good mood, and considering @PERSON1's history teacher said to make the entries creative, more humorous and quite witty sentences were added. By this time I was doubled over struggling to speak through all the @CAPS1 I was consumed by. @PERSON1 was hardly better. Homework had @CAPS3 been more fun. We finished quicker than if @PERSON1 was working by himself and came away with the greatest feeling. @PERSON1 ended up getting full points on the entry when he turned it into his teacher.  This is just one example of thousands I could think of in which laughter @CAPS4 the moment. This particular instance helped with work and yet @CAPS4 the work not a chore, but rather a tremendously happy event. Perhaps more laughter in the workplace would lead to better production. All things considered, laughter, in my opinion, makes for the greatest @CAPS2.
