Laughter: A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 of the variety of emotions expressed by humans, there are emotions that represent different qualities. While furrowed brows @MONTH1 be associated with displeasure, anger, or even confusion, laughter is an action connotative to mainly one emotion - happiness. Although emotions are relative aspects of human nature, actions such as laughter exist to transcribe an emotion like happiness into physiological expressions that humans are able to understand. Due to this unique quality as an action, laughter is often a key element in developing relationships. Over the years, I have found that laughter is crucial because of three various reasons - laughter does not separate, it is an ability that all members of the human race have in common, and additionally, it brings down personal barriers. In many aspects, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people"; instances of laughter are @CAPS1 anecdotes. Unlike sentiments such as jealousy, fury, or sorrow, happiness is an emotion that tends not to separate. While jealousy, fury, and sorrow can cause such discontentment between people to the point of physically and emotionally driving them apart from each other, happiness does no such thing. Happiness is conducive to laughter, and because of this, laughter congregates people together, rather than dispelling them apart.  In addition to its compelling nature, laughter is also a @CAPS1 action. In a general view, laughter gives humans another point at which they are equal; the ability to laugh is one quality humans share. Even infants, in their states of vulnerable dependency, are able to emit laughter. Laughter is also able to establish starting points for new relationships, because sharing a laugh is akin to establishing commonalities between people. Whether the commonality be a sense of humor, similar experiences, or a surprise, sharing a laugh automatically institutes a link between two or more people. Additionally, while laughter can begin new relationships, it can also solidify them. Often, as laughter is shared through common experiences, having common experiences to laugh about symbolizes a relationship between people in itself. Since laughter is mainly about relationships and interactions between people, it is also about building trust. Establishing connections between one person and another, regardless of how weak the connection might be, requires some form of trust. Laughter is often able to bring down emotional barriers because it requires a sense of kinship and camaraderie. Through laughter, we as humans are able to bring down notions of suspicion or anxiety. As stated before, laughter establishes commonalities and therefore is an activity that exudes a sense of trust and reliability. This razing of emotional barriers is another way in which laughter is able to bring people closer together.  Laughter is a @CAPS1 action that "personifies" how similar members of the human race are. It is astounding how man is able to discern qualities such as reliability and trustworthiness simply through the complex, yet basic, act of sharing a laugh. Through laughter, people are subconsciously able to make emotional connections with their fellow human entities and in doing so, are able to take interaction to an emotional level. Laughter is the true story behind human relationships worldwide. Not only is laughter the @CAPS1 language, laughter's intimate nature renders it the shortest distance between two people.
