One day i was going to my friend @ORGANIZATION1 @PERSON1's house for her @NUM1 birthday party. I knew the birthday party was going to be a lot of fun even though it was only going to be @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 and I. I didn't know it was going to be as fun as it turned out to be though. The whole day i was waiting for it to be @NUM2 so i could go to her house. I packed all my bags and got everything ready, because it was a sleep over. As i was one my way to her she called me and said "before you get to my house look to the right."  The whole way my dad and i were driving to her house i kept my eyes on the right side of the rode, i wasn't quit sure what i was looking for though. As we got closer i saw something in the bushes. It was @ORGANIZATION1 and @PERSON2. I told my dad to honk at them so they knew i was there and as he did, they both pulled down there pants and mooned us! I was laughing so hard the whole night i kept thinking about the look on my dads face! Little did i know that wasn't going to be the funniest thing that happened that night. Later on @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON2 and I went on a walk down to the dock by @LOCATION1 house. While we were on the dock a bat flew by and @PERSON2 almost fell in the water cause she was so scared. @ORGANIZATION1 and I were standing behind her laughing so hard! By that time it was getting kind of dark and her neighbors were being really loud. So we ran from the dock to her neighbors house and hid and started yelling things at them to quiet down! It was so funny because they had no idea where the yells were coming from so they just kept looking around confused. We started laughing so hard we could hardly be quiet. We had to wait a while for her neighbors to stop looking around trying to figure out who was telling them to be quiet. That's not the funniest thing that happened either! As we were walking back to @LOCATION1 house we heard a car coming so we made a plan I stood in the middle of the street and @ORGANIZATION1 stood ahead of me while @PERSON2 was hiding in the bushes. The plan was @ORGANIZATION1 and I were going to pretend to be in a fight and @PERSON2 was going to run out of the bushes and pretend to shoot me. So the car starts turning the corner and me and @ORGANIZATION1 start fake fighting. As the car gets closer it starts slowing down and here come @PERSON2 running out of the bushes and @CAPS2! Pretends to fake shoot me. I fall to the ground like i am really hurt trying to hold back my laughs, and man did we think we got the people in the car good. Then we realize there is no way she actually shot me when there was no gun shot sound at all! So the people in the car come up closer and they are laughing so hard that we can hear them before we can even see who it is. When they got closer we realized it was just some of @ORGANIZATION1's family friends coming over for the party so they knew it was fake the whole time. When it got darker outside we found a huge watermelon and took it out to a bridge by @LOCATION1 house. We brought her video camera and put it on night vision and threw the watermelon of the bridge. When it hit the water it mad a really loud sound and split into a bunch of tiny pieces! That night was one of the best and funniest nights i have ever had. The next day all the fun continued by going to the lake and swinging on rope swings into the water. @ORGANIZATION1 got a really bad rope burn and it was hilarious! @PERSON2, @ORGANIZATION1 and I always have the best time together and tons of laughs. A lot more happened that night, it was overall a great @NUM1 birthday for @ORGANIZATION1. I'm glad i got to be there with her for it.
