 There have been many times in my life in which laughter was the key ingredient. My family is always laughing. We could be laughing at a movie, or a joke someone just made. We even laugh when the jokes are aimed at us. The same thing can be said about me and my friends. My friends and I laugh at almost anything. I believe that laughter has been one of the most important pieces of my life, without it life would be almost meaningless. I can remember one @DATE2 when my friends and I decided to go camping at a lake for a week. We all packed up our tents, sleeping bags and other camping necessities. When we got to the lake it wasn't very crowded so we had no difficulty picking a camping spot. Once we finished unpacking our gear and setting up our tents we decided to go swimming. One of my friends shouted, "I'll race you down to the lake!" @CAPS1 took about five steps before @CAPS1 stepped in a small hole the perfect size for his foot to fit in and @CAPS1 fell flat on his face. Everyone started busting up laughing, it was like we couldn't stop. When my friend who had fallen finally got up @CAPS1 was laughing too. We spent the rest of the @DATE1 swimming and making fun of his fall, the best part about it was @CAPS1 joked around too.  That night we stayed up eating junk food hot dogs and smores till we almost burst then one by one we all passed out. over the next couple days we did pretty much the same things. We swam in the lake, took hikes in the woods, fished for a little while, and made fun of each other laughing almost the entire time. On the @DATE1 that we were there we all decided to wake up early and take one @DATE1 hike to the top of the nearest mountain. The trip to the top went smoothly and no one fell or got hurt. The only eventful thing that happened on the way up was that one of my friends dropped his water bottle and had to chase it halfway down the mountain. To us this was funny but not nearly as funny as what happened next. Before going down we all took a "potty break" as one of my friends called it, the only problem with this was that one of my friends decided to pee in what @CAPS1 thought was an empty hole. As it turned out the whole was not empty but home to hundreds of underground wasps. Unfortunately for us @CAPS1 didn't realize this until it was too late. Wasps began pouring out of there home searching for whoever was disturbing them, which happened to be us. My screamed in horror, "@CAPS2 crap its a bees nest!" The next thing I knew we were running as fast as we could down the mountain with seemingly thousands of wasps following us. The lucky ones had finished relieving themselves and ran away with ease, the unlucky ones were not quite finished and had yet to pull up their pants. Running with your pants around your ankles is not an easy thing to do just in case your wondering and two of my friends found this out the hard way. As they tried to run away they tripped over themselves and started to roll all @CAPS1 while they were being stung by the wasps.  We all made it down the mountain with very few injuries and not too many bee stings. I remember the first thing we did when we got back was laugh till we cried. Once we were out of danger this instance seemed like the funniest thing that had ever happened. My friends and I still bring up stories about our crazy camping trip and the run in with the cranky underground wasps to this @DATE1. I still think its one of the funniest things that will ever happen in my life and I am looking forward to the next crazy event. I believe that laughter has been one of the most important pieces of my life, without it life would be almost meaningless.
