The @CAPS1 of Laughter Laughter, one of the best feelings an individual can achieve. When you're feeling sad, angry, or in an argument, laughing can turn any negative feelings into good ones. Though you @MONTH1 not want to show the turn of emotion, it is very hard not to. Laughter is an important thing to have in abundance throughout your relationships. Laughing is a wonderful feeling. Whether it be a chuckle or a hilarious outburst, it completely changes one's mood. Laughing with someone is even better still. Having laughter-filled relationships is an important element to someone's well being. Sharing a @CAPS3 is a great way to start friendships and keep them thriving. Relationships without laughter soon end. It is almost impossible to be good friends with someone without being able to @CAPS3 together. Laughter is something that needs to be exposed in relationships often. Without it, there is no connection, joy, or excitement. There is no common ground if you're unable to @CAPS3 with someone. People need relationships with humor. Laughter bonds people together at any age. When I was still in diapers, I watched a video titled "I @CAPS2 to @CAPS3." I would watch this countless times during the day with my parents and siblings. Now, whenever that video is brought up we have a great time reminiscing about those days. Being able to @CAPS3 together has brought my family relationships to the highest point. Relationships are very important to have; including laughter will only make them stronger. Not only is laughter important, but it is contagious.  Laughter can lighten a tough situation and lift everyone's spirits. It is very hard not to @CAPS3 when someone else is laughing. Everyone has their own @CAPS3 too. Sometimes, it is someone's @CAPS3 that provokes laughter within the group. Making others @CAPS3 is a wonderful feeling as well. Comedians make a career out of making people @CAPS3. There are good feelings that emerge when you can make someone @CAPS3. @PERSON1 is one of my personal favorite comedians. I @CAPS2 his style and the way he sets up his jokes. He knows how to make people @CAPS3. All of one's friendships need someone who can lift the spirits higher. However, the laughter shouldn't come from making fun of someone. It should come from the situation or a circumstance that the group @MONTH1 be facing. That is key to having a good comedian in your circle of friends. The healing powers of laughter are real and they work. There have been studies of how laughter can heal the body. Such things as laughter therapy is a very real treatment for troubled individuals. Norman @CAPS4' book, "Laughter is the best medicine" explains the powers of laughter in detail. @CAPS4 watched The @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and laughed himself to wellness. He shows how one needs laughter to be well. Laughter is so very important to a person's health. It raises the spirits and lightens moods. The fact that there is laughter therapy shows that if one doesn't have enough laughter in his life, he @MONTH1 not be as healthy as he could be. If your friendships are lacking humor, seek it. Laughter is one of the most important feelings that one needs to surround themselves with throughout their entire life.
