      Well since you guys want to hear a funny story, I got a couple but I'm only going to tell you about one of them. This one starts in my @DATE1. I was living out in @LOCATION1 and it gets pretty hot in the @DATE1. I lived there a couple summers @CAPS1 I know how hot it gets. This @DATE1 I wanted to get a pool for the fun and to stay cool. But I didn't want a pool that just I could hangout in. I wanted to get a really nice pool for everyone. I already knew that those kind costed a bunch of money but, I wanted to get a big pool @CAPS1 I could have all my friends come over , hangout , swim and play my favorite game mar-co polo.I went to go talk to my dad about my pool idea. He said "that he would love to get a pool for the @DATE1" cause he would come in and swim with me and hangout but, like I was saying @CAPS2 are expensive and @NUM1 exactly what my dad said. I told him that I would pay for half of what ever it costed. My dad finally agreed with me @CAPS1 we go down to walmart and look at there pools. There was some cheap small ones and there was a lot of huge expensive ones but, I was looking for one right in the middle, not to small , and not to much money. I found one for eight hundred that was perfect for what I wanted. I went to go asked my dad if I could get this one. He said "that if I pay for four hundred of it like the original deal that i could get it". Like I told him @NUM1 what I said I was going to do and @NUM1 what i needed to do". We finally came to an agreement that we had to get the money first , @CAPS1 I went back to my house in @LOCATION1 to make a plan to get four hundred dollars, my dad was doing the same, but he has a job @CAPS1 its not that hard for him cause he gets paid. @NUM4 a lot harder on me cause I have no job. @CAPS1 I decided to fix my bike and go looking around for any jobs available. I went door to door to find people that needed any help around there house. I found a couple of people who needed some stuff done and @CAPS2 both agreed to pay me fifty bucks, @CAPS1 out of each I could get a hundred right off the bat.I had to haul a bunch of old tree branches and garbage away. When I was done I put that money in my pool savings for later. I also went to this place called @ORGANIZATION1 and I was good friends with one of the kids that was related to them. I talked to him about him asking them if I could do any work for a little cash. @CAPS2 said that "I could go to every tree and put a pink tag on him and @CAPS2 agreed to give me eighty five bucks. I took there deal but, my bike can't go threw the mud where the trees were planted. My friend said that "I could barrow his little fifty dirt bike and take it to put those tags on the trees". @CAPS1 I borrowed it and got that eighty five bucks. I gave my friend ten cause he let me borrow his dirt bike.I'm almost half way to my four hundred. When I was thinking, I got @CAPS1 caught up in buying this pool that I forgot my birthday was coming up tomorrow. I told my dad that I wanted that pool for my birthday and @NUM5 like "yeah I already knew that @CAPS1 I already bought it". I was @CAPS1 happy that I got my pool. Now I have like two hundred bucks to spend and I didn't know what to buy. @CAPS1 I bought a bunch of food and stuff for the pool party. On my birthday I invited a bunch of friends over to my house. We all got in the pool even the parents.We decided to play mar-co polo. Cause I wanted to play. My friend @PERSON1@NUM6 dad who is a huge dude was playing. I said mar-co and he lunged at me. I moved but he kept going, he went straight threw my pools wall and everyone fell out of the pool. i was laughing @CAPS1 hard but I was also upset cause my pool is already broken. Luckily @PERSON1@NUM6 dad is rich, @CAPS1 he bought me another pool. He seen how crushed I was on my birthday and because he knew I wanted that pool. He also bought me a new bike and it was sick. During the @DATE1 I had a blast in my pool and if I wasn't in my pool, I was on my new bike.
