 One day on a stormy night i had gone to the wood shed to get some wood. The wind was thrashing the trees and all of the coyotes in the distance were barking to the moon. I was taking one piece at at time trying to make sure that the pile would not fall on me. As I watched my step i lost my footing on a small cylindrical log about a foot long and hit my head. My brother came out to find out what was taking me so long and arrived to my body unconscious. He took me into the shop which is connected to the woodshed out of the cold and turned on the furnace to keep me warm. In doing so he accidentally locked the door from the outside which locked him and me in the shop. As I woke up from my faint sleep with a splitting headache all i could remember happening was the rain pounding against the side of the woodshed. @CAPS2 was sitting next to me with a sad look on his face and also some shock as well. He told me what had happened with the door getting locked and how we would never get out till morning. I looked around trying to find something to get the door off but couldn't find out what anything was. My parents could not hear us over the storm since they were asleep and we were helpless no matter what we tried. So instead of looking on the gloomy side we decided to make some stories and tell jokes to pass the time till it was morning again. As we made up a game called @CAPS1 we found that we had a lot of similar interests and also we laughed at the same jokes. as we laughed the time seemed to fly by as if we were in a time warp. after three hours it seemed that we were both getting hungry and i had a couple snacks in my pockets. so we sat by the furnace and ate and told jokes about our friends and our parents and the laughing kept us cheered up for another three hours. After a while we started to hear the storm start to leave the sky like a ghost leaving this world to the next life. We started making fun of different movies and they're actors and actresses. I started talking about how big @PERSON1's ears were and we both started cracking up with laughter uncontrollably he then came back to me with how big @ORGANIZATION1's lips were and i laughed so hard i couldn't breath. we looked through the holes in the shop to see the morning dew on the grass and birds chirping in trees and i knew it wouldn't be long before we were found. As we waited for our parents to come find us we looked at each other and said thank you. We both knew by saying that it wasn't meant for all the times I tried to get us out of the shop or for @CAPS2 pulling me into the shop, no it was for the time we spent together and laughed. It made us closer than we already were and it also gave us a memory of laughter that we spent together instead of a night of disaster and horror. We have cherished that memory ever since it happened even though we @MONTH1 fight over the most tiny inconsiderate things sometimes and make fun of each other, we know that deep down we do it out of love. 
