    Laughter is one of the many ways to share a memory. It is also a key component to story telling, it shows that the listeners are enjoying what you have to say. When you share a laugh or a smile with someone its almost as if your sharing a deep secret that no one else knows. Laughter is having something in common, it doesn't matter how much money you have or how old you are, a person always has the ability to burst out in laughter. Inside jokes are laughter's best friend, from the second they are made to the slightest mention of them, they always bring smiles and giggles to everyone's face.   As a person, I feel that it is my duty to make people laugh. One example of this would be when I was seven years old and spending the night at my friend @PERSON1's house. We had just gotten done watching @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and were super hungry for lunch. As it turns out @PERSON1's big sister @PERSON2 was the only one home, and she wasn't going to have anything to do with her "baby sister", so we were to fend for ourselves. Being young, we didn't want a boring old @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 sandwich, we wanted to make @NUM1 cupcakes! This might sound like a ridiculous objective for two seven year old girls, but we were surprisingly ambitious and tackled this with no problems, or so we thought. In reality it was a disaster, we had no idea what a mixer was so we mixed everything with our hands, which worked up until I brought the flower out. From now on I will never think of flower in the same manner, every time I open the jar of flower all I can think about is the mess @PERSON1 and I had made that day.   Lets just say it was a disaster, enough flower to successfully make @NUM1 cupcakes is approximately the whole bag. As I was getting ready to pour this tremendous quantity of flower into the bowl, I slipped on some of the vegetable oil that had spilled out of the measuring cup, and the flower went everywhere! @PERSON1 started laughing as soon as the white powdery cloud filled the room. As for me, I was still in shock, not to mention covered in what felt like enough batter to feed the entire world. Now that I am a quite a bit older, I don't think I could have taken such a tremendous mess so lightly, considering I would most definitely be the one cleaning it all up. But as a little girl, laughing was the only thing that mattered. @PERSON1 couldn't stop giggling as she was looking at my whole body covered in white. We started to play in the flower, picking it up and throwing it in the air as if it was confetti. When all of the sudden @PERSON2 came down the stairs, took one look at the kitchen and started to yell, "@CAPS6 and clean this up! I was upstairs for and hour and you manage to make this big of a mess? Mom will be home in twenty minutes and you had better have this kitchen cleaned" @PERSON1 and I looked up at each other and back at the kitchen. Then was when it hit me just how much work we had to do. All of the sudden I started laughing uncontrollably, it felt as if I had no care in the world.    It turns out that @PERSON1 and I completely ignored @PERSON2 and continued to play in the flower for those short twenty minutes. We were in the middle of building a fort in the kitchen surrounded by what we called "snow". I heard the slam of the front door as @PERSON1's mom walked into the house. It sounded like paper towels being ripped right from the dispenser. Because we didn't clean up anything, we in fact made the kitchen much worse, we made a split second decision to run down into the basement to pretend we had done nothing wrong at all. That @MONTH1 had been our biggest mistake, as soon as @ORGANIZATION1's mom saw the kitchen we heard a scream, "@PERSON1! What is this??" . Slowly we climb the stairs to the kitchen and @PERSON1 starts explaining herself. I choose to stay quiet because I had never gotten in trouble by someone that wasn't my own mom before. When @PERSON1 is done telling her story, her mom tells us to go downstairs. Both of us are on the verge of crying, when all of the sudden @PERSON1 starts laughing once again. I could think of nothing that would possibly be funny at this moment when she says, " you still have flower in your hair".    From this experience I have learned that sometimes, laughing is the only thing that will make you feel better. Even though I have moved away since this cupcake fiasco, I know that if I ever talk to @PERSON1 again we will begin laughing at just the mention of this story. 
