 Laughter is important in many ways. It can help you solve an argument with a friend, improve your health, and help in akward situations. All relationships need a little laughter to lighten the mood once in awhile. If we didn't have it, everything would be taken seriously all the time, and there would be many more feuds. One instence where laughter has helped, was when my best friend, @PERSON1, and I were in a big fight about someone spilling paint on a pair of shorts she owned. We were both accusing one another, and the more that happened, the worse the fight became overall. I remember right in the middle of the fight, @PERSON1 made a face that for some reason made me laugh. Once I laughed I could tell she wasn't amused. She began questioning why I was laughing. So I explained to her why I had been laughing, and she ran to the bathroom and looking into the mirror, made the same face that I had been laughing over. To my surprise, she started laughing as well. After the ten-minute laughing fit, I made a joke about the paint on her shorts, and we decided to splatter them with paint for a rather "unique" look. Needless to say, laughing saved us from getting into an even bigger argument. When people are angry or upset, physically they probably don't feel that good. They @MONTH1 feel angry for days, which in turn can give them physical pain. I know for me if I'm angry long enough I'll succumb to a headache and ironically, I get more angry at people around me because my head hurts and they're making it worse. Laughing is a way of @CAPS1 things go. Not necessarily being carefree, but learning to let go and live. Physical health is greatly affected by laughter. As well as mental health. Everyone needs to laugh to stay sane. Learning to not sweat the small stuff is really important. My favorite thing to hear is "let go laughing." @CAPS1 go of a problem while laughing is the best way to get rid of problems. I've also noticed that when you laugh more you feel better overall. You have more energy, but that's usually from the endorphines kicking in when you have a crazy fit of laughter. But also it lightens the mood tons when you're with other people. All people need to laugh. Married couples, students, teachers, and best friends. Laughing can bring people together. In the end, laughing can benefit you in many ways. It can help resolve feuds, lighten moods, and have good effects on your mental and physical health. And the best thing to always remember is to let go laughing.
