 One day my brother and I were at the mall looking for a hat to buy. My brother came up to me and asked if he should get it, I told him he shouldn't so then he put it back. Later on we went on our ways to look at a different store, I was at one store while my brother was at another. As I was about to make a purchase I felt a tap on my shoulder and I looked and saw a guy that was working at the last store we were at with two cops with him. I was curious why he was talking to me.  He said to me "hey where is the hat you stole from my store?" "I didn't steal a hat bro" I answered back. "@CAPS1 you did, we got it on tape that you had the hat." said the guy. " @CAPS2 dude I did not take a hat" I replied. "@CAPS3.k. then what about your brother, where is he?" questioned the guy. I told him where he was and he went there with one of the cops while the other stayed with me while I was making a purchase. At this point I was pretty upset that my brother and I were accused of stealing a hat. The cops started to ask me questions that were personal. I told I wanted to talk to my dad and tell him what is happening. My dad was pretty upset that my brother and I were accused of stealing. My dad was asking me questions of what happened, I told him the truth of what happened. As the cop, my dad and I were walking back to watch the film of the whole incident. We saw my brother walking back with the other cop.  "I'm good to go, the video shows me putting the hat back on the rack" said my brother. I was still upset that the guy who worked at the store did not watch the whole film only bits and pieces of it. The guy apologized to my dad and I. I was still mad, because the guy did watch the whole film, and I didn't want the people who saw me with the cop to think I was a troubled kid. As my brother and I look back at this experience we laugh about it and make jokes. There is @CAPS2 reason to be mad about we didn't steal the hat and we knew it. Laughter makes us forget about it. I think without our laughter about it this, could have been different. Laughter makes experiences more fun there is always something to laugh about. It feels like you are take a bunch of weight of your shoulder makes you relived. I could have called the manager about how I felt, and what the guy did with the video, but I just forget about it and crack a few jokes to make myself laugh about it.
