@PERSON1 In a mother and daughter relationship @CAPS2 need laughter. It's so important to have that connection with someone that is so important and close to @CAPS2. Just in general @CAPS2 need laughter, it shows how @CAPS2 express yourself and it brings out your character.  This one laughing experience, it was the @DATE1 of my eighth grade year, so I was @NUM1 or @NUM2. My family and family friends went on a camping trip. So the day before we were suppose to leave, my mother, brother and myself went up to set up camp. We when got to the campground, we immediately started putting everything together and organizing. It was a lot of fun but it was getting dark fast so we moved faster until it was completely finished. On our way out we noticed that we forgot something in the truck so my mom stopped the truck and looked at me and asked, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 want to drive right now?". Of course I didn't think twice. I jumped out of the truck and ran to other side. All sorts of excitement was going through my body. When I got to the other side I hopped right onto the driver seat, with the biggest smile on my face. My mom was giving me all the steps on before starting the truck. Examples; seat belt, steering wheel, mirrors and adjusting the seat. The family vehicle was a stick shift so I was all sorts of nervous. I had no idea on how to shift and when to exactly. I used to watch my mom and step dad when they shifted and when, I would make humming noises but that obviously didn't help me any. The first thing I had to @CAPS1 was to start the truck because mom turned it off before she got out. I had to put the clutch in all the way and make sure it was in neutral. So I started that thing up, thinking to myself on how cool I probably look right now, the average @NUM1 year old ego. The going part was the worst! I probably killed the truck about @NUM4 times before the tires actually went at a constant speed that they should be going at. My mom said, "The fifteenth time is a charm". She probably thought she was being funny but trust me it was not a funny moment. I gave a nervous laugh right back at her, which probably didn't make me feel any better. So I started the truck once again and go to moving. I wasn't going very fast, more like the speed of a turtle but that was alright with me because I had no idea what was going on. The truck was going too slow to go anywhere, so I pushed in the gas a little bit harder. Coming around the bin, going about roughly @NUM4 miles per hour, still at a slow pace as before. The camp ground was only about @NUM6 to @NUM7 miles away. Which seemed like it was taking forever!  We were coming up to the campground. I could tell because we had a sign that said @PERSON1 with a arrow pointing left. So I took that left and saw all of our stuff. There was a river on the back side of where of our camp was and trees were circling all around us. So it was an enclosed area, except for one side. Where @CAPS2 could see to the other side of the river and there were other people camping on the other side. Which was kind of nice because they had kids my age. My mom pointed and told me to go over by the tent and park. For an inexperience driver I got anxious and put my foot onto the gas instead of the break so that @NUM4 m.p.h went up to about @NUM9 in the matter of seconds. We were going so fast that I couldn't really react to what was going on. All I could hear was my brother in the back seat yelling like when a little girl finds a spider. My mom grabbed onto the steering wheel as fast as she could because we were heading right towards the river and was about to make a quick visit to the people across the way. Instead of going that direction we went into a pick-nick table and pushed that right into another one and landed right onto a third table. We were at least @NUM10 feet off the ground onto the pile of broken tables. I had a adrenaline rush and I'm pretty sure the passengers did too.  We all got out of the truck and literally stopped and starred at the situation for a good @NUM11 minutes before we started busting up laughing. We all looked over across the river and saw their entire family just starring and laughing at us. My mom looked at them for a few seconds and then looked at us and said, "@CAPS2 all can come over later for a fire!""
