 Its my sophomore year and some of my friends were going to try out softball. After thinking about it I joined and I fell in love with this sport. I am not that good but like they say practice makes perfect. We all laugh and have a good time and everyone likes everyone and its fun to be apart of a team that is always laughing and having a great time together. This is about a time when my friends and I started laughing so hard we almost started cried and now its one of our little joke between all of us girls. Once my friends and I were out catching pop fly's and it was my turn to go catch the ball. I went out there skipping and just being my normal weird self. They hit the ball and it started to come toward me and I went running for it and slipped and fell right on my butt. Everyone including me started laugh because I fell in the mud and got all dirty. About ten minutes later we all were standing there and talking about how funny it was when I fell and how it made everyone's day. Then I saw some mud on the ground and I wanted to roll in it but didn't want to just lay down and start rolling in mud. So I asked my friend @PERSON1 to push me into the mud so I could fall in and roll in it. After she pushed me into the mud I got up and started laughing my head off. My knees were covered in mud and so was my butt and legs. They all started to say who shied on you because we are not aloud to curse, so we made something else to replace it. Now when I walk in the hall ways and see someone from the softball team we both just start laughing and say who shied on you in the middle of what ever we are doing right then.  This is the first year I have ever played a sport in high school and I am glad I did it because I am having so much fun. When it ends in a few months I am going to be really upset. All these girls and I have became so close in the last @NUM1 weeks that they are like family to me now. Most of us use to just know each other and not really were friends and never talked at all but now we all do. We love to do silly things like sing in the locker room randomly or make the most dumbest jokes ever. But we all have fun and we don't care. We have had lots of laughs and many more to come this season. Like when we have games on the buses or just even at practice. We have an amazing couch that makes us laugh and makes jokes everyday. This season should be interesting with all of us because we all like to laugh and make joke and sing and just have a great time with each other and that's all that matters to make a good softball team and a great season.
