Laughing @CAPS1 you remember when you would laugh so hard you couldn't breathe? Or when you started crying because you were laughing? When ever I start laughing I am always with my best friend, @PERSON1. We sometimes even when things aren't funny. We giggle at everything. Memories, the future, or even just looking at each other we laugh. You name it, we've laughed at it.  @PERSON1 and I have almost always laughed together. From when we first met in seventh grade, and now when I am a freshman, we still don't ever stop. She was in my sixth period class and we sat by each other. After the first couple of minutes we talked we both knew something good was going to come from this. So of course, from that moment on we had to be best friends. I couldn't ask for a friend better then her. She is the best.  All of our free time was spent with one another. Even some time when we were busy we were still together. @PERSON1 and I were together basically every day and every night. We would camp out in my backyard, or ride bikes around the town. I would go swimming with her family. She would go to @LOCATION1 with ours. Both of both of our families would go and @CAPS1 things together. We did all sorts of things together. No matter what we always laughed.  Growing up can be pretty tough sometimes for anybody. @PERSON1 and I were no exception to this. After a bad day, you would know you could find us on the phone talking to each other. We could talk for hours and hours about the littlest things. I think we have talked for three hours before just about what we were going to wear the next day. Never hanging up until one of us getting told to get off the phone. I think I can speak for the both of us when I say, we hung up with a completely different outlook on life. Even on the worst of our days, we were still laughing. I don't think I would ever be able to grow up with out her. @PERSON1 is such a big part of my life. I would be nothing without her.  @PERSON1 and I @CAPS1 not go to the same school anymore, but that still doesn't prevent us from laughing. If you have ever had a friend as close to you as @PERSON1 is to me, you know how great it feels to be close to somebody. Just think about the feeling of never ending laughter. I strongly believe with all of my being, it is one of the best feelings in the world. @PERSON1 and I never stop, why should I let anybody else. With out laughter, we wouldn't be as close as we are today. With out laughter the world wouldn't be how it is today. So find a friend and start laughing. You'll see how great it is to laugh with someone. I guarantee it.
