 Do you remember the first day of @NUM1 grade? Everyone is awkwardly and excitedly standing there waiting for their seating arrangement. You have the middle school jidders and everything is just happening to fast, I remember all that. I went to school at @CAPS1 for my middle school years, my teacher was @PERSON3. She was the type of teacher that was strict when it came to where you sat in class. If you didn't like someone, she would probably sit you by them thinking that you two would magically become friends. I was standing there in the corner with my best friend @CAPS2, we were of course hoping that we would be seated next to each other. After we finally got our seating arrangements, we were not seated together. I was sat next to @PERSON4-- a girl that I didn't know at all-- @PERSON5, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. I was friends with everyone except @PERSON4, who I have never saw before in my life. As class went on @PERSON6 talked about middle school and how it is so important to get good grades and be prepared for high school, we all sat there and as to what it looked liked day dreamed. No one really talked to anyone, there was still that awkward first day thing going on. @PERSON4 looked like a girl that would rip your head off if you said anything to her, so I kept my mouth shut.  @PERSON6 went on with her "first day lecture" and all of a sudden she cracked a joke in the middle of her speech, to get our attention. We all started laughing. I would have to say that it was a very good ice breaker. After everyone after everyone laughed for a while, it seemed like everyone loosened up a bit. @PERSON4 and I started talking about how that joke was only funny because it was so dang stupid. From then on we kept talking and she seemed like a cool person. @PERSON4 and I became partners for every project that we did and we were always together, she became my best friend after @NUM2 days; all because of laughter. I would have to say that the reason @PERSON4 and I became friends is because of laughter. I probably never would have talked to her in the first place; even though I am glad I did because now I have an awesome best friend! Middle school can be scary, excpecially on the first day of school. That's why I think laughter is such an important part in someones relationship, you can't get by without it! 
