 Laughter? What is laughter? Well laughter is a contagious disease which is passed around by a group of people from one to the other, ( @CAPS1 speaking) and should be included in every persons life while they are growing up. Here is a true story of how laughter played a key part in my life as a kid. My @CAPS5 has five days of laughter as I call them, that we all celebrate through out the year: birthdays, @LOCATION2, the @DATE1 of @DATE1, @CAPS2 , and @CAPS3. On my birthday the whole @CAPS5 gets together at my grandparents house to celebrate the day I was brought into this world. Usually a couple of days before my birthday my mom grants me the authority to invite some of my friends to come over to go see some event or go to the arcade. Then when we get home we all stay up late playing video games and watching movies.  When @LOCATION2 finally decides to greet us with its colorful eggs and candy, my @CAPS5 meets at my uncles house to hide the eggs for us children to find. Which we always seem to miss at least one every year. While we are finding the eggs our parents are taking them and hiding them again. When we first noticed, it was when my uncle was climbing the willow tree in the back yard and placing the eggs back in the spots where we found them. Then watching him try to climb down again. When that is all over we play a game of hid-n-seek. Which is kinda hard to win when there is fourteen people hiding over a one acre lot. On the @DATE1 every one has their own agenda that they fallow. My dad and me go to @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1 to light @CAPS6 on the third of @DATE1 for @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6. While waiting for the show to start we play a game of laser tag which ends up being a big game of around fifty people or so. Then on the @DATE1 my dad does his own show in the back yard for us kids which is really exhilarating to watch.  Then comes my favorite laughing day @CAPS2. My dad sets up his house as a haunted house. Which is fun since we all get painter and shot up with silly string being flung at us from unseen sources. When we go trick or treating I am usually a solider with a @CAPS8 gun unloaded and fully camouflaged, which makes for an interesting night when they cant find me even though I am right beside them. Later when we get back home it is a competition to see who got the most candy, I usually win because I get to stay out later than my siblings do. Well then, now for the holiday that wraps up all other holidays @CAPS3! a time of gift giving and receiving. mostly receiving for me. We all have a dish we cook and end up with part of that dish on me or whoever dares to enter the kitchen when I am cooking. After every one gets done eating we sit down and commence the opening of the presents in order from youngest to oldest. Then it is a free for all for your own presents until the adults but in and make us go in order again. Its funny to watch them when they are chasing my cousin around the house because he took a present from them. So that is my story of what a year of laughter is for me in a nut shell. That is why laughter should be in everyone's life as they are growing up. It relaxes and builds relationships at the same time. Like a saying my grandparents used to say to us kids when we were sad "A laugh a day will keep the @CAPS10 at @LOCATION1".
