 Laughter is an interesting emotion. It's one that you expect to feel when you are happy or humorous. This, however, isn't always the case. Some people laugh when they're embarrassed or uncomfortable. Others, when they're enraged and upset. And then, there are people who laugh when they are grieving or sad. People don't expect that to happen. To laugh when you are depressed. It is strange but true. I know this from personal experience, which led up to one of the most tragic events of my short life.  I was about nine. The age @CAPS4 you're hyper and energetic almost nonstop. I had just arrived home from school and walked in the front door. My mom was waiting for @CAPS3 inside. "@CAPS1 on @CAPS2," she said. "We're going to see your grandparents for a few hours." I was upset. I was not only tired and hungry, but I had to drive almost an hour away to see my grandparents. So I did what any nine year old would do. I cried, whined and pleaded her not to go. She didn't listen of course. She toned @CAPS3 out, waited until I was out of air, and then picked @CAPS3 up and tossed @CAPS3 in the car.  Isn't taking a nap great? That's exactly what I did on the ride over. I was clapped-out, so I felt it was alright to have a little "@CAPS3" time. When we got to their house, I had just woken up and didn't feel like moving. I had to force myself to get up and say hello. It was depressing, yet fascinating really. Seeing your grandparents is like seeing a glimpse of the future. In the sense that you know what your going to look like when you're old. They had candy though, which was tasty and mouth-watering. We actually stayed for quite a few hours. My mom called my dad a couple of times asking if we could go home, but we never did. She just had a conversation with my grandparents while I watched television. At last, my dad finally called to say we could @CAPS1 home. We said goodbye and booked it before it was too dark out. By the time we got home, it was pitch-black outside. We still hadn't eaten yet and I was starving. I jumped out of the car and walked over to the gate that separated the front yard from the back. I shook the gate, expecting three delighted dogs to run up and start jumping on the gate wanting to play. Instead, only two showed. "@CAPS4's @CAPS5?" I wondered. I thought he was most likely eating or sleeping so I decided to just go inside and eat. When I opened the door to the house, both of my parents were standing in the entry way. I could tell they were trying to hold back tears. Then it hit @CAPS3 like a ton of bricks. "@CAPS5 passed away," my mom said. I froze. I didn't believe them. I couldn't. My best friend in the world was gone. I cried for hours, possibly more. I didn't know what to do. Then something weird happened. I started to laugh. I don't know why I did. Maybe it's because I wanted to try to cheer myself up. Or maybe, I realized he was in a better place. To this day I still feel an empty space in my heart @CAPS4 my best friend once was. I still think about why I laughed that day. I think about why we laugh in general. Whether it's when you're happy, angry, or even sad, we laugh to try to get by and make the best of both good and bad situations. As tragic as the situation was, I can't help but feel happy. My best friend was in pain and could barely walk, so we had to euthanize him. I knew it was the right thing to do, and quite frankly, I don't think I would have felt better if I hadn't laughed that night. It was awkward at first. It felt wrong and terrible, but it helped @CAPS3 more than I could have ever anticipated.
