 In my storie I am going to tell you about a funny time in my life where me, and my brother liked to pull pranks on my aunt.   @CAPS1 first paragraph is about the first prank that we pulled on my aunt. when i was about six and my brother was four and my aunt had just bought a beautiful purple suade couch, she loved @CAPS1 couch, and me and my brother at the time thought that my aunt had loved @CAPS1 couch more then she loved us. So me and my little brother took two jugs of chocolate syrup, and poor them all over my aunts brand new three thousand dollar couch.    The second prank was just myself, and one day i was playing video games and my aunt was getting ready for work. I was getting very frustrated with the game and i threw my controller down, man my aunt ran over and pop me in the back of my head so fast,and she told me to be a good sport and try it again. But i was upset because i just got popped in the back of my head so i was looking for some revenge, when my aunts goes into the bathroom to go put in her make-@CAPS3 for work, I go into the kitchen and get a grape soda, I walk over to my aunts purse crack open the grape soda and poor it all over the inside of my aunts purse.  The last paragraph is about the worst prank that me and my little brother have ever pulled. One morning when my aunt was at work and my dad was sleep, me and my little brother were sitting on the couch watching television and my little brother says that he has to go to the bathroom and knowing us kids we do everything together so me and my brother go @CAPS3 stairs to the bathroom, and we see the biggest box of fifty-four rolls of soft, lushes toilet paper.Me and my little brother love toilet paper rolls for whatever reason, so we open the box and my brother drops one in the toilet, so I put one in the toilet, then he puts another one in the toilet, then i flush it. Little did we know that it would back fire at us and the toilet started to over flow, but i kept flushing. Then i get another roll and start unwrapping it all over the floor, the my brother gets one and @DATE1 we are knees deep in toilet paper and water. Then our aunt walks through the front door, we don't here her because we are having so much fun in toilet paper and water, then she comes @CAPS3 stairs, goes to the bathroom too see me and my brother and a bathroom thrashed, full of toilet paper and water. But the only thing that she says to us is. CLEAN @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4! She slams the door then me and my brother look at eachother then start cleaning. Then finally after hours of cleaning the bathroom is back to the way it should be.   @CAPS1 is the conclusion of my storie about the three worst pranks that me and my little brother have pulled on our aunt.   
