 "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Many people say that laughter is the key to life. If you can't laugh, then you are not a fun person to be around. Many other people believe that laughter is a very important part of relationships that they are having. In my opinion, I think that laughter is very important also. It lightens the mood in awkward situations, and laughter also just makes you and other people happy. And I personally, would rather be around a happy person, than one that isn't. A few days ago, my mom, sister and I decided to go to the bowling alley in @LOCATION1. We were all three invited to go, along with about @NUM1 other women from the @ORGANIZATION1 we attend. We attend the @ORGANIZATION1. We had all made reservations at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 at @NUM2 @CAPS3.  We arrived first and sat there and waited for about @NUM3 minutes. Then finally we seen some of our friends walking in. We ran over there to greet them and to show them where we were sitting. Our friends started getting their bowling shoes from the counter and then they ventured over towards us. Once all our friends got there, we began to bowl. We had a total of three @CAPS2 for everyone. My mom, sister and I were all three at one lane, and with us was two other friends. The first game we bowled a normal game. As usual, everyone was getting strikes except for me. I was getting pretty discouraged. So our second game around and we all decided to change the rules up a little bit. This round we could not bowl like we normally do. Each time it is our turn we have come up with a new way and new position of sending the ball down the lane. After awhile everyone was running out of things to try so people started laying and sitting on bowling balls and then sending a different ball down the lane. That was really hard.  Towards the end of the second game, everyone was tired. Their arms hurt and so did their fingers. My last frame I got up and picked the ball I wanted to use. I waited for the people in the @CAPS2 next to me to get done with their turn and then I went up to bowl. I got ready, and brought my arm back before I flung the ball down the lane. Just as I did that, my fingers let go of the ball and I dropped it. The whole side of the bowling alley I was on just busted up laughing. I was so embarrassed. My face was beet red. It was horrible. Then on my next turn I brought ball back, and then brought it forward and I literally threw it into the other lane. I fell to the floor laughing my head off. It was so funny. That night by far, was the best night I have had in quite a long while. 
