 There are a couple things that can lead strangers to being comfortable with each other, in my experience it was laughter. Meeting my boyfriends parents was very nerve wrecking and uncomfortable. I am a people person and I can get along with anybody. Starting a conversation with someone who is judging my every move was a little bit of a challenge.  My boyfriend @PERSON3 and I have been dating for almost a year now and are the type of people that like spending time with our families. So because of this it was obvious that meeting the family would come into play. I met his parents when we were young and we attended the last years of elementary and some of middle school and all but one year of high school together, I left for a couple years and came back really different. So after @NUM1 months of dating I met the folks.  One day in @DATE1 @PERSON3 had a football game that i attended with some girlfriends who were also dating guys on the team. After a terrible loss @PERSON3 came out of the locker room and hugged me and told me it was time to meet the parents. I took a deep breath and started to get really nervous. I love meeting new people and I usually don't have a problem with it, but the fact that I wanted his parents to love me put a lot of weight on me.  I slowly walked over after him, and said "@CAPS3" in my most friendly voice possible. His mother reached out and said " @CAPS1 @PERSON1, I'm @CAPS2" I took her hand and shook it and replied "@CAPS3, so nice to meet you". I looked at @ORGANIZATION1 for reassurance then his father reached out with a very welcoming smile and his eyes looked so familiar and warm. " @CAPS4 there, I'm @PERSON2", I shook his hand and felt less nervous and a bit comfortable. " @CAPS1 , great to meet you, what did you think of the game?'. He looked surprise that i talked and we started a great conversation about football.  After talking about football for about @NUM2 or @NUM3 minutes @PERSON3 brought up something that reminded me of a joke. I always have lame jokes so I was nervous about telling it to his parents. It wasn't even a funny joke, @PERSON3 thought it was lame, yet i loved it. I took the chance anyways. I said " @CAPS4 that reminds me of a joke", @PERSON3 looked at me with wide eyes that said oh god, don't. I looked away and started "so there were two muffins in the oven one said, wow its hot in here, there the other screamed, holy crap! A talking muffin. I started laughing and my laugh is very odd. Anyone i meet tells me me laugh is so unique. His mother was like "that is adorable i will have to tell it to @CAPS6", I smiled gratefully. His father @PERSON2 said so sweetly " I like your laugh, i ain't heard anything like it". @PERSON3 came in and said "yes her laugh is really something". We all kinda smiled and at each other and went to dinner, cracking jokes and laughing then laughing at my laugh. Thank goodness for laughing, once we started laughing I felt comfortable and welcomed. Until this day we laugh at me telling that joke. I still until this day am happy i told the joke.
