 Laughter forms a bond between two people; a good laugh can turn an uncomfortable situation into a pleasant one. A fantastic example of the power of laughter would be the first time I met my mother's boyfriend. My father died when I was thirteen and since then I had stubbornly resented each new man my mother attempted to bring into my life. This iron clad resolution ended when my two sisters and myself sat down to dinner with @ORGANIZATION1. One @DATE1 @TIME1, my mother announced that she had invited her new boyfriend over meet her children. My sisters and I were forced to scrub the house from top to bottom in order to prepare for our guest, while my mother cooked a giant pan of lasagna. When the house was clean and the dinner was cooked, I dressed for this most grievous occasion. My obsessive compulsive mother made me change clothes at least thirty times before she deemed me presentable enough to meet the man whose existence I was beginning to despise. At precisely six thirty in the @TIME2, @PERSON1's blue @ORGANIZATION2 pulled into our driveway. I shot my mother a steely eyed glare as I opened the door for the buffoon; thus, a most dreaded dinner began.  My determined hatred began to soften as soon as I saw @PERSON1, but it was by no means expired. @PERSON1 was tall and tan, a few years older than my mother judging by his wrinkle strewn skin and the silver streaked through his dark hair and matching mustache. He had the sort friendly, pleasant appearance that makes him immediately likable. My now giddy mother and her sullen children sat down to eat with the cheerful stranger. My younger sister warmed up to him first. She and @PERSON1 share a love of snakes, lizards and all things I deem "creepy crawly." A common interest brought them together before I knew it. My older sister adored @PERSON1 after a lively conversation about football ensued. @PERSON1 and my sister discovered they were both @CAPS1 fans, and consequently formed a bond over their team.  After winning my siblings over, @PERSON1 tried to charm me into liking him to. He attempted to talk of movies, music, sports, animals, even politics, but nut nothing he said could melt my icy disposition. I was determined to hate him from the start of the @TIME2, and no amount of charisma would break my persistent stubbornness. Eventually he gave up on me, and focused on entertaining the people who did like him. Over dessert he jumped into a stand-up comedy routine cleverly disguised as a story about his recent flight to @LOCATION1. He went on about the ridiculous security checks, the overly cheerful flight attendants who really hate their job, and the corny safety videos. I had tears of laughter in my eyes before I remembered that I had made a solemn vow to loath @PERSON1. I fought hard to resume my former demeanor, but my will did not stand a chance against @ORGANIZATION1's sense of humor. The triumphant smile and slick wink he shot me from across the table told me that he had won. Sure enough, we were the best of friends before the night ended.   Eventually @PERSON1 and I conversed about movies and music and found we had similar tastes in both, but our common interests had nothing to do with our friendship. They simply fueled the fire. The power of laughter brought us together like a magnet and a washer. Just as the shortest distance between to points is a straight line, laughter was the straight line between myself and @PERSON1. He and my mother are still together, and ever since he came into our lives, laughter has been our constant companion.
