 It was the first day of the ninth grade, that terrifying day when one must choose how they are to be percieved for the next four years. I walked into my first class looking like a hippie on steroids, just over six feet tall and nearly two hundred and sixty pounds of long haired, freckled teenager. I was a giant, and that made it difficult for bullies to muster up the machismo to treat me as the freshman that I was. I sat down in my designated seat, next to one of the girls I could tell thought too highly of herself. Despite this off putting first impression, I atteampted friendship. My atteampt was met with confusion and disgust.  As I turned to face the front of the class once more, there stood the teacher. @PERSON1 announced that our first assignment was to create a presentation, one that would show the rest of the class who we are. I was excited at the prospect of a presentation. I have always been a showman, and the limelight is a very dear friend. I love to act, sing, and in general entertain. My crown jewel however, is humor. I have found that I can captivate an audience no matter the number, with humor. With this I designed a presentation to entrap and engage my class in the reality of who, and what I am. I wrote a speech in which I explained my talents and the many things I enjoy. In this speech were many twists and turns of phrase, punchlines and puns. There was such laughter that other teachers came to see what was causing the noise.  I took a bow and sat in my seat, looking around at the shining faces of my new friends. I knew then and there that laughter would be the tool with which i would build my highschool life. I could make someone forget about their troubles for a spell, or brighten someones day with a few words. I wasn't a star athlete. I wasn't even a star pupil. But I seemed to collect friends like I was made of fly paper. There is no better feeling i have yet felt, that compares to the company of friends. As long as i have humor, I shall never be without that feeling.
