 Laughter is the key to every friendship I have. If a person is really nice, but I cannot seem to make them laugh, or vice versa, it is hard to find common ground between us. When I see my friendships and reflect on them, it reminds me of all of the great memories over the years and months that were filled with joyous laughter. The simple things that make me happy in life bring about laughter. Whenever differences become clear in friendships, it only takes a memory brought up that made us laugh, to trigger that friendship back into place.  Whenever I'm with my best friend, @PERSON1, things that normally would not be funny whatsoever, are. Another element that's put in place is the fact that @PERSON1 and I don't hang out as often as we used to, when we went to the same school @DATE1 @DATE1. So, the absence of eachother makes us treasure our times together even more than usual. Three nights ago, I went to dinner with @PERSON1 and her mom at @CAPS1 @CAPS2. We had numerous amounts of laughing sessions throughout dinner. Everyone who is ever around us, either think we are very annoying because we cannot stop laughing, or understand what it's like to have a best friend that makes your @DATE2 brighter, and think we're funny. There has never been a true fight between @PERSON1 and I because of how close we've become over the @DATE1 and realized how much we are like twins. So conflicts are never really brought up. However, one of my other very close friends, @PERSON2, that goes to my previous school with @PERSON1, has been having problems with @PERSON1. The most important thing to me is that they get along, because they are two of the most important people in my life. I would do anything to make them become friends like they used to be, even though I probably don't have the power to do so. I can get close into both of their hearts and stay on a level of laughter, secrets and wonderful memories. But when they are not getting along with eachother, it's not so easy to bring them together. I had been with @PERSON2 @TIME1, so I knew what she was feeling as well as @PERSON1, who I was with currently. I tried to shortly bring up the subject and at first, she rejected it. I knew that @PERSON2 meant a lot to her, and also that they had only gotten in a small arguement over something silly. The issue was that both of them can be very stubborn, and in any type of arguement, neither will say they are sorry first. It's because they both don't believe they have done anything wrong. In this case, it was a small miscommunication. I ended up going into more detail with @PERSON1 about how @PERSON2 was feeling, because I could completely relate. She later started seeing the other side of things, once I got her laughing. The key to my friendships, is laughter. Especially while we are young. There is no way I could have gotten @PERSON1 to listen to my view on @PERSON2's feelings unless they were what she wanted to hear. So, I told her what she wanted to hear. Things that made her laugh and giggle. Things that brought back memories of the good times her, @PERSON2 and I had had. She thought about it, and even though she wasn't completely ready to full out run up to @PERSON2 and hug her over and over, and make peace, she was ready to consider communicating with @PERSON2 again. That was enough for me to feel good.   The rest of the @TIME2, we put aside the drama and laid back and enjoyed the @TIME2. We played our favorite songs and were cracking up the entire @TIME2 about the tiniest things, or mistakes we made in our speech when we talked to eachother. I know that as I get older, I will look back on my two best friends, @PERSON2 and @PERSON1, and realize how they made my high school years so amazing. They brought a better person out of me, someone who can enjoy life to the fullest by being in the right crowd and having innocent fun. They taught me that you can be great friends with more than one person, and even if those two don't get along, you can find a balance and not end up excluding anyone. In the end, the important thing is that you were a good friend to everyone and weren't selfish in the mix. Laughter has brought me to that place. I find that when I'm laughing about sincerely great things, and not making fun of someone or something, I become a lot less selfish and a better friend to people, because my intent is beautiful. I wouldn't get that perspective without true friends that @CAPS3 has given me. By the @DATE2, @PERSON2 calls me and tells me that @PERSON1 called her and asked her to talk. Things will change very soon. 
