 My knees were weak and my hands were slightly shaking as my rapid heartbeat was causing my breathing to increase speed and time. I wanted to get this over with, but at the same time, I hadn't the intentions to ever start a conversation, yet alone, @CAPS3 him. It had been a whole @DATE1 since I had seen my dad and I wasn't sure whether to expect a relaxed, laid back man, or an uptight, cranky one. So, I closed my eyes, took deep breaths, and decided to put this in the hands of @CAPS1. It was obvious that once I saw my dad, it would be a natural thing to talk to him, but I suspicious of his mood and if it would affect mine at all! If for any reason this did happen for the worse, we probably wouldn't be the best of friends for a matter of weeks. He'd then continue to pull the, "@CAPS2 think now that @CAPS2're a teenager, @CAPS2 can do and act however @CAPS2 want?" Or the, "I'm your father, I deserve more respect!" @CAPS3, the funny thing is, I never start any of these things. He chooses to start them when he's bored, I guess. Then, he continues to make me feel bad for his wrongdoings.  When my mother, sister and I arrived at the airport, (I'm not going to lie) I wanted to go home. My sister would crack a few jokes here and there and my mother would let her wittiness shine on me; even in the mist of all of this, they could only get a small giggle out of me because I let my nerves get the best of me. I didn't want my past three months of @DATE1 to be ruined by his coming home. But once I looked back at all I had done: two weeks in @LOCATION1, rafting, etc., I realized that I did miss him and did want him back. Don't get me wrong, my dad is a super nice, funny, and hardworking guy, it's just hard to work with him sometimes.  My dad's flight had landed, and after a solid hour of waiting for him, he came out of the airplane. We could @CAPS3 his eyes frantically scouring the airport for us, and when he found us, he gave the warmest, friendliest smile I had ever seen upon his face. Tears welded up in his eyes as my sister raced for him and my mom quickly walked behind. My legs carried me toward him and I soon found that my sister and I were competing to be the first to hug him! One hundred feet never felt so close yet so far away. Panting, we reached him with heavy legs and full hearts, now that we were with him.  The good thing is, an awkward moment never appeared. It knocked, but we didn't let it come through the door ; instead laughter came in its place. All of my troubles and worries were gone when he opened his mouth, and those soothing waves of laughter came out and were welcomed into our ears. My heart was lifted and my smile brightened. I knew that my father could not have been gone any longer. I love him! Laughter soothes the soul and brings joy to any situation. It is kind and has no regrets. The only mistake is not taking the chance to laugh in the first place. Laughter is one of the many things that holds me so close to my father today. Our sense of humor when we're together is never dull and is unforgettable. I trust him with my life and ever since I was born, he has found a way to make the best out of every situation by laughter. @CAPS2 can count on his laugh to make anyone smile and it is without a doubt, the most contagious thing @CAPS2'll ever hear.  "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people," including me and my father.
