 Those eyes, it was like I was looking out into a warm carribean sunset with a flash of green while relaxing on the beach without a care in the world. Her skin was kissed by the sun and flawless in every way. Those lushes ruby red lips looed about as juicy and refreshing as the taste of a freshly picked pink lady apple. From the moment she sat down across from me i couldve sworn i was dreamin. How can any woman look so perfect and exist outside of a movie or game? Thats all i could think of, thats all i wanted to imagine. Just me and her together, but the thought of it was to great to come true I couldnt find a way to bridge this gap i felt between us. Neither of us had ever met or seen each other before and yet still i couldnt resist. it was like when adam was presented with the golden apple from eve. That smile, perfectly straight teeth with that sparkling shine that could blind anyone without sunglasses. Thats when she inally spoke and said "@CAPS1 you know the answer to number three?". I was stunned by her voice. It reminded me of a thousend violins played by angels. my mouth droped and all I could say was "nope". I was a complete mook nothing more then a hoser, but then i noticed she was wearing a cross to match her outfit. So I attempted to redeem myself with "thats an amzing cross ur wearing, what kind of gem is that in the cnter?". She smiled and batted her eyelashes and told me "thank you, I like your cross too. mine has a ruby in it". I smiled back then i got a text message from my friend wth a new joke he wanted me to hear. As I read it I started to burst out laughing. The angel in front of me was then curiouse to what I was laughing about. When i finally finished the joke she too bursted out laughing and I finally gave myself a proper intruduction and told her my name. She was smiling fom ear to ear after the laugh we sared and she told me her name was "@CAPS2". Ah @CAPS2 surly it had to be a name given to angels. To this day I still thank my friend who gave me that joke, because if I had not made her laugh then we probably wouldnt have gotten to know each other. If we had not gotten to know each other then she probably wouldnt be my girlfriend. To this day I still feel like the luckiest man in the world and if fate see's fit to split us apart then I will always remember that laughing is the best way to get to know someone.
