 Everyone in life has siblings that they grew up with and that they love unconditionally, but for some of us, we didn't know our siblings until later in life. I myself was one of those people but with a slight difference than some others. I had what I like to call a @PERSON1 who in actuality in my biological father. Up until I was seven years old I thought that my dad @PERSON2 was my quote on quote "real dad", but one evening I heard my mother down stairs yelling at someone on the phone. My mom was yelling at this unknown figure about child support and signing over his rights to my dad. I had no idea that who she was talking about was me and in fact the one on the other @DATE1 of the line was my biological father. The moment I heard your son deserves better than this I ran upstairs to my room and began to weep because I thought that @PERSON2 was my dad but now this new figure in my life is claiming to be. My mom had heard me run up the stairs and came to tell me the story of what was really going on. As it had turned out my biological father had rights to my last name and unless he signed these over to my dad, my mom would take him to court and force him to pay the thousands he owed her for child's support. During this little story that she was unveiling I had learned that I have other siblings out there in the world. Over the next eight years of my life I would spend countless hours running through old phone numbers and email address's trying to find my other siblings. It wasn't up until my freshman year that I met a guy who went to my school and was in the same grade as me, named @PERSON3. He quickly became one of my good friends and we hung out every other @DATE1. On one occasion that he was at my house playing video games with me, he chanced upon a question of what my last name was. I thought to myself that this was a peculiar question but in the @DATE1 I told him. All of the sudden a smile crept across his face and he asked if I had a biological father named @CAPS1. My mind started to reel over this sudden question. @PERSON3 started to explain to me that he was half brother to my sister @CAPS2 who was one of the siblings that I had been searching for. Almost before I @CAPS3 think to ask the question of how; he had called my sister and explained to her he had found her brother. As it had turned out, she had been looking for me just as hard as I was looking for her. @PERSON3 asked her if she would like to meet me and I heard a high pitched squeal of joy from my sister saying yes on the phone. I to was overjoyed at the thought but I had no idea of how awkward it would be to finally meet her the next @DATE1. On the @DATE1 that I met my sister, @CAPS4 mom had come to pick me up to take me to her house. As we were driving so many thought were racing through my head that I thought I would puke in the car. When we finally arrived at her house @PERSON4 who is @CAPS4 mom, urged me out of the car and into the house where my sister that I realized looked almost the same as me was sitting on the couch looking just as nervous as I was. During the next four long nerve racking hours, my sister and I played @NUM1 questions with each other to get to know one another. After doing this we were more comfortable with each other and she looked a lot more accepting that I was truly her older brother. By the @DATE1 we were telling jokes and laughing hysterically. We realized that we even had the same obnoxious laugh (that every one hated) and that to made us hit the floor laughing. At one point in time her mom had to tell us to quiet down because we were going to wake the baby if we didn't and by the @DATE1 of the @DATE1 we had connected with each other so much that she even gave me a hug before I left. @CAPS2 and I connected most through our laughter the first time we met and from that @DATE1 to even now; every time we see each other we giggle and smirk. Since we found each other or in my case her brother found me; I have gone to her house every other weekend. My sister is one of the most precious people I have in my life and that will never change because nothing we say or do will ever stop the laughing and joy we hold towards one another.
