                     Laughter is a key to any happy and successful relationship in my opinion. It can break the ice in an akward situation or help you become closer to someone. Some people have said that laughter is the shortest distance between two people, and that laughter is the best medicine. I believe that both of those statements are true. Personally laughter has dramatically changed many different social situations throught my @NUM1 years of life.  One time in particular that I remember laughter really bringing me closer together with other people is when I was camping with a few of my friends. It was three years ago in the middle of @DATE1 and we were all sleeping outside under the stars. We had all been talking about pretty serious stuff, family and friend problems and just sharing our hardships in general with eachother. I didn't really have much to complain about, I had a pretty average family that I loved along with good friends. However that evening I was learning some interesting but disturbing information about my friends home life. She started to talk about how her parents don't care and how they are both alcoholics, I could tell by her tone of voice how painful admitting this information was for her. The mood had suddenly changed from discussing light issues to a serious, emotional conversation. She continued to tell me how alone she felt sometimes and how she just always wished she could be with her friends because we always have a good time.   After she told me all of this we laid in silence for a while. Neither of us were asleep but I had no idea what to say. I mean how could anything I say make that situation better or help her to feel better. While we had been having this conversation our other friend had run back to the car to grab sodas and go to the bathroom. We heard her saying our names and searching for us in the dark. All of a sudden she knew where we were, she had tripped over the edge of our sleeping bag fell on us and spilled a bunch of fizzy grape soda all over our faces. Normally we would have been angry but we all thought this was hysterical. While in the midst of laughing like crazy people I looked at my friend who had just recently told me her painful story, now she was crying from laughing so hard and I knew that a little laughter had brought us closer.  That is a memory that I will never forget, it was an experience where I feel laughter has played a major role in making a relationship more comfortable and close. Similar experiences have occured throughout my whole life. Laughter is a common ground, where all people can relate to one another. Maybe it brings people closer together because when you are legitimatley laughing you are so caught up in it that you forget about everything else. All of your problems disappear.
