Laughter, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 on an @CAPS3 @DATE1 @CAPS4  One of my favorite @DATE1 traditions is the visit to the house of our @CAPS2, the @CAPS5. They live on eighty forested and meadowed acres outside of a quaint, old town. Their small green house overlooks brown fields and a blue pond, with tall trees forming a backdrop.  We arrive midmorning. We either find our @CAPS2 in the house or encounter them tromping out of the woods to meet us, shovels, chainsaws and other trailbuilding implements in their hands. After the customary hello, how have you been, we often wander around the yard, exclaiming at the new fruit trees or hearing stories about the latest tenants of the birdhouses.  During the hottest part of the @CAPS4, we head for the shade of the lush @ORGANIZATION1 woods. A short walk will bring us to a trail. I love walking among the sun-streaked ferns and fallen logs, treading carefully the rickety bridges over burbling streams, bouncing confidently on the sturdy new bridges, and trying to avoid the dogs as they galumph in and out of the water. @PERSON2 knows all about the flora and fauna of the region, so we get a constant stream of knowledge as we hike. He also, of course, has to tell us about the trees he's planted -- a redwood here (look how well it's doing! A foot since last fall!) and a douglas fir over there (not as well. That big redwood is shading it too much). One of the best parts of the hike is when we see the dead-end section of trail that my family helped construct three years ago. We always walk to the end of it and discuss where it could go from there -- over the stream or beside it, or up the hill and if so, where would the switchbacks be? could you really bike up a trail like that?  After our walk, we arrive back at the house, sweaty and talkative. Then it's time to put on swimsuits and jump in the pond! They recently built a dock that we can jump off of -- a great improvement over wading in from the edge. We swim for the majority of the @TIME1, racing from one end of the pond to the other, splashing on innertubes, having pondweed-throwing battles. Finally we get tired and sit by the side of the pond, drying off in the warm sun.  By @TIME1, dinner is ready. Laura usually makes salmon, accompanied by a plethora of delicious side dishes. We drag chairs out to the hill above the pond and enjoy a leisurely supper. From the hill, we can see turtles and birds on the pond, bugs over the fields, and more birds swooping through the air feasting on the aforementioned bugs. After the meal, we haul chairs and dishes back to the house and sit on the porch into the @TIME2.  @PERSON2's favorite part of the @CAPS4 is at dusk, when the sun is at just the right angle to show all the bugs swirling through the air. At one point, all the bugs gather together and create a tornado, twisting upwards into the darkening sky, and then -- they're gone, until the next @CAPS4. It's an incredible spectacle; thousands of tiny insects disappering at one swoop.  The best thing about these days is the friendship and comradery we have with this wonderful family. The parents knew each other long before us kids were born, so we have a lot to talk about; @PERSON2 is very interested in science topics, and he always finds a way to bring up the latest article he read. And, as with all great @CAPS2, we laugh constantly. I consistently get hiccups at least three times just when we're lounging on the porch after our busy @CAPS4. Even on the most serious topics, my dad or the @PERSON1 boys can find a joke to make, usually "politically incorrect" but always very funny.  Now don't even get me started on the @DATE1 camping trips, winter ski trips or autumn cider pressing we do with the @CAPS5. 
