One thing that people in the world love to do the most is laugh. Why is it that we like to laugh? Laughter is every important in our lives because it brings us joy, happiness, and most of all it just fills our stomachs with butterflies. One major thing that about laughter is the whole point of view. Of course everyone makes jokes, dorky things, or simply a funny comment. All those things cause laughter, sometimes laughter helps people grow a good relationship and it builds up to be strong.  In relationships like boyfriend/girlfriend, parents with their children, family, or even friends have to have some laughter in their relationship because if not then that would be a boring relationship. At times it's hard to bring laughter in the picture but we at least need to try to laugh it is healthy for us to laugh once in a while. In families its important to grow a relationship with the child or parents and they need some funny feelings in their stomachs that make them giggly inside and its all could laughter. Friends always will have funny moments to laugh about, it's sometimes the pranks that they do to each other, the funny comments, the jokes and it's easy as that to start laughing and creating the good relationship with just laughing with each other.   Sometimes laughter could cause bad things if we use for bad things and that could cause a bad relationship. We also don't want to hurt someone's feelings by laughing at them because something that happen or if someone made a comment, because that could leave us not laughing to much after we loose a relationship with someone. The smiles that people have on their faces is a wonderful thing to see. In all relationships laughter is a big thing because it can always come in handle. People have bad days sometimes and we always try to make them happy and how do we do that, well it's called laughing. I know if I was having a bad day and I felt all depressed and mushy I would like someone to make me laugh by simply saying a hilarious joke.  In my personal opinion I love laughing and especially making people around me laugh. At times I have my bad times and need some laughter in my system to make me feel at least better. I know that sadness can sometimes take over but we all need to think positive and not let the negative things take over. Life is so much better if we all have laughter in them. Imagine the world with just laughter, how life would be. i wish that could happen because that would make everyone full of happiness and smiles on the faces.   In my personal life my family and friends are full of laughter. I have to make jokes at times when things are getting diffcult and everyone is freaking out. Laughter is a part of us either we like it or not it's always going to be with us no matter what. Eventually I would say that laughter is a element in my life that I will always carry and I hope that everyone in the world has the element of laughter in them because seriously it's important in this this world.
