Friends are'nt always what we want them to be they arent always easy to find, but with a smile and a laugh a friendship can become. I mean what is a friendship if there isnt those moments where you laugh until you pee. When you laugh until you can't breath and you feel like you have just done one hundred sit-ups. Ofcourse you @MONTH1 meet a friend like this and it @MONTH1 happen when you least expect it. I didnt expect a new friendship but in a new town and with new people i met the friend i now call bestfriend.  It was the year of @NUM1 and i was new to @ORGANIZATION1. In homeroom everyone stared at me like i was some kind of criminal and everyone talked behind my back when i would pass by their desks, well atleast thats how i felt. My homeroom teacher @PERSON2 @CAPS1 me my so called schedule. Sixth period, @CAPS2 class with @PERSON1. What? @CAPS2, what is that. I really had no idea what a @CAPS2 was until i walked into that class. I turned the rusty knob of the door to the gym where my class was supposed to be. I walked in and well there I found out what a @CAPS2 was. It was a one wheeled bike. Wow! I laughed thinking how did i not know that.  I looked around and saw that i was the only sixth grader around. I took a seat and looked everywhere trying to figure out if i was really the only sixth grader there, when in walked a girl that looked about my age. She took a seat and i wondered if she was nice so i could go talk to her, but i was to emberrassed to. @PERSON1 asked everyone to get in groups of two and i asked the girl if she wanted to be my partner. We started to useb the unicycles and our partner had to help us get on and ride until we could ride with no help. Class was over and i tolde her my name was @PERSON3 and she told me her name was @CAPS3. I was super excited to go to class next time because i now actually had a "friend" well atleast someone i talked to. I went into the class and she was absent so I was a loner that period. I had to be partners with this other girl named savannah witch was a total girly girl. She didnt want to ride the @CAPS2, all she wanted to was talk. I was sick and tired of her by the end of the day and I had'nt practiced my unicycleing.  I was really hoping @CAPS3 would show up to class the next day, and she showed up. This time we had to get with our partner and make a routine to a song that we wanted so we were pretty stoked. We started practicing and trying to come up with something when suddenly we both fall. We stared at eachother and just started laughing and laughing i couldnt breath and she almost peed. It was one of the best times i had experianced that year, and i felt like me and her could become the best of friends.  We are now really close friends and just that one moment of laughter together brought us close at heart. We love to laugh we believe that the more you laugh the younger you look and well i think its true. everyone has their own story about how they met a certain person and how they became so close. I believe that in every friendship what braught it together was a smile or laughter. A laughing moment where you laughed so hard you farted and milk came out of your friends nose. Its a great time and you never forget it, its something that is so simple but so special and it really marks your heart and the way you feel around that person. It braught my friendship with a person i had barley met into a friendship that is now insepreable and amazing. 
