               "Laughter" A good relationship is built on trust, right? That's what I've heard my whole life, but as I've grow and really started thinking for myself I came up with my own kind of survival guide, if you will, to good relationships for anyone. Sure trust is important but @CAPS2 isn't the only key factor, I've learned laughter is just as important to not only starting a relationship but keeping @CAPS2 full of life. One person in my life helped me really understand that and be able to have that relationship with them. My mom and I have such a great bond and way of understanding with each other, other girls I know don't always have that with their mothers, I am very fortunate. Sure we have hard times just like any family, but we are able tolaugh @CAPS2 off with time and start new. @CAPS5 helped me realize, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."  @CAPS1 a great bond with my mom is so important to me, we have not always ran so smoothly though. From about age ten to thirteen I was a bit troubled in the sense of not wanting to show my emotions, I just wanted to stay quite.Then seeing my mom as someone who was strong and beautiful, I have to admit I was a bit worried @CAPS5 would think I was a disappointment. I guess I was afraid to show who I really was to her. Whenever @CAPS5 would joke around with me I would take @CAPS2 all to seriously and whenever we would fight about small things I thought @CAPS5 would hate me forever. I know now I was silly to think that, but I'm actually glad we went through that. I think that's part of what made us stronger, like how there would be no rainbow without the rain or how there would be no happy ending if all was well throughout your whole life. Little did I know the light at the end of the tunnel was just around the corner. One night after dinner my mom had informed me that @CAPS2 was my night to do dishes, unlike usual I completely forgot and went to my room to listen to music and eventually fall asleep. My mother came in my room upset and frustrated. @CAPS5 said, "@PERSON1, why did you ignore me? The dishes need to be done now." I jumped out of bed without a word and began walking to the kitchen. @CAPS5 followed me into the small bright room, "@PERSON1? Are you alright, @CAPS2's okay that you forgot. I'm not mad." @CAPS5 exclaimed. Again not a word escaped my lips. I was afraid to say anything, the only sound that came from me was a sigh of relief when I turned back around and noted her absence. When I was finished with the dishes @CAPS5 pulled me into my room. I tried reading her face, @CAPS5 looked worried. @CAPS5 explained to me the relationship between her and her mom that @CAPS5 so desperately wanted to have with me. @CAPS5 told me about how they would @CAPS3 together over silly things and how they promised each other that when they got into fights they would stop themselves, take a deep breath, then @CAPS3. "@CAPS3? What? Why would you guys do that?" I questioned.  @CAPS5 replied, " @CAPS4 laughter is the best cure for any sad feeling or bad day, as grandma would always say." @CAPS5 helped me experience that by tickling me and joking around. For the fist time in my life I wasn't nervous and I spoke my mind. As we sat there and chucked ourselves to sleep I knew things would be different from here on out, and they were. We now have made that promise to one other and we are able to have wonderful smiling memories together now. Now at fifteen years old I can honestly say without question my mom will always be my best and truest friend. Our bond, our way of getting over tough times, and the way we can @CAPS3 off all stressful things in life makes me feel as if I can get through anything. I've truly realized the meaning of the saying, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." 
