 Laughter is one of the best things people can learn to do. Laughter is one of the many things I enjoy doing. I love how everyone has their own distinctive laugh, some are loud and some are quiet almost like a giggle. Not only do I enjoy it but I love that is helps me relieve stress, which is a major part of relationships. My boyfriend and I met about three years ago. Today we have been going out for a year and three months. We met whenI was mowing my yard, and my neighbor @LOCATION1 brought him over to introduce us to each other. I mean she couldn't have brought him over at a worse time; I was hot and sweaty because it was eighty degrees out side, I had no make-up on, and I smelled like fresh cut grass what a great first impression huh? "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 this is @PERSON1" she said with a smile. "@CAPS3 timing @CAPS4" I replied with a tone of anger in my voice. "sorry" she said, "but he said he wanted to meet you , and he wouldn't shut up about it." I looked over at him and noticed that he blushed a little and I laughed. From then on I knew that @PERSON1 and I were going to have something great together. Till this day our relationship is stronger than ever, and it's because we can make each other laugh. Now don't get me wrong, trust, honesty, communication, listening, are all still a big part and those are important too, but I think that having humor and being able to laugh in a relationship is one of the key things to a healthy and long lasting relationship. My boyfriend and I have great sense of humor, and we defiantly like to use it in our relationship. I could have the worst day of my life;and when I talk to him on the phone I know my day is going to change from horrible to fantastic. Just because I know that within the first few minutes of talking to him and hearing his voice, he's going to say something funny and I can't help but to laugh. I honestly believe you need a good sense of humor in your relationship if you want it to last. When you don't have laughter in your relationship, it tends to get very dull and boring. You can't be serious twenty-four seven, that's way too stressful. Since laughter helps relieve stress, you will defiantly need it during your relationship so it doesn't get stressful and turn into nothing but a bunch of fighting and arguing. So in conclusion, I know your thoughts about what I just talked about might not be the same, but I hope after reading this you will be more willing to consider my opinions on the subject of laughter in a relationship, based on being able to enjoy and know what laughter is, and also how great of a thing it is. How it relieves stress, if you have a bunch of stress in your relationship try cracking a couple jokes you will be amazed at what a little bit of laughing can do. Especially if you want to keep your relationship with your significant other happy, fun, and not only that but also full of life. Laughter is bliss
