  Middle school was a challenging environment. Not only are kids subjected to a rapid advancement in the academic environment, but a maturing social environment as well. The rapidly growing need for social dominance and in turn inflating egos makes for a bully breeding ground. Without the skill to be able to laugh it off, I would fear for anyone's mental well being in that environment.  Throughout my first @NUM1 years in middle school, I struggled with the building social discomfort of classmates higher in the social chain, making for a severe toll @CAPS1 not only my self-esteem, but my academics as well. The stress of my own social stature plummeted my grades continuing a cycle resulting in even more stress. The whole situation seemed hopeless and depressing. I could not believe that in only a little over a decade of life, my outlook had become so grim. I wondered how I would make it through the rest my school years.  Everyday I had the pleasure of hearing any number of new insults made up by those higher in the social ladder, attempting to supplement their growing self-esteem and inflating egos; @CAPS1 some days even those who I previously believed to be my friends joined in with them. Except for a few trusted companions, it seemed the whole world was out to further themselves by bashing me with any number of new insults.  Being made fun of daily had continued until I realized something; That laughter is key in social survival. Without laughter there was no way I could have survived those school years. After this revelation I was able to laugh at things said to me and laugh at myself as well. I was able to take the the cacophony and learn with it, taking it as critique to better myself. Through laughter and their jarring remarks I was able to secure my position in the social scheme as well as improve my intelligence, as well as make new, better friends and come to peace with others, while maintaining the the hurt I experienced earlier to be "popular" without having to make fun out of those who were like who I used to be; @CAPS2 a win-win scenario.  Laughter is key in any situation, whether it be a conversation with a friend, or experiencing the penned up frustrations of immature adolescents. From laughter I learned a great lesson, one that I hope everyone has not learned should. Without the lesson of laughter, I don't know how anyone could lead a successful and pleasurable life. 
