 Laughter is the expression of being happy, being able to be yourself around the people you care about, and expressing your feelings. Anyone can share laughter with anyone, even if someone you dont know very well or someone you have known for a long time and dont talk anymore, make someone else feel good by sharing a laugh with them. Last year my close friend, @LOCATION1 and I were together all the time almost everyday. We always make other laugh at the silliest little things, even if no one else understands what we are talking about. We can make laughter out of any small thing. We hang out a lot so that makes it easier to share our laughter with each other. One day in class we were just sitting in class reading a book and I turn around, there she is sleeping, with drool coming out of her mouth. The room was quiet, I was trying not to laugh really hard I started giggling. I poked her and she woke up and had her hair stuck to the side of her face. It was so funny, I couldnt hold it in anymore. She had a confused look on her face then I pulled out my mirror and showed her what I was laughing at, then she started laughing too. She fixed her hair and wiped the drool away. Then the teacher walked over to us and asked us if we had a problem. We looked at each other and giggled then replied with no we do not have a problem here.  The next day we were walking to the commons after we had come back from @ORGANIZATION1 and we heard one girl say to another girl, "is that all you do is talk crap about your sister?" @CAPS1 girl was not a regular girl, she had purple faded dyed hair and teeth that stuck out over her bottom lip, which made the whole thing even more hilarious. @LOCATION1 and I looked at each other and were like holy crap did that really just happen right there? We started laughing after we were out of ear shot so she could not hear us laughing at her. We laughed about that for the rest of the year. Everytime we saw her after that we called her "girl with purple hair", because no other girl at our school at the time had purple hair so it was really easy to spot her out of a crowd. Still to @CAPS1 day laugh every once in a while about that situation.   A few weeks later after @CAPS1 had happened we had seen her former boyfriend hanging out with a group of girls so we went closer to see who they were, I did not know any of them, but I saw a couple of them and knew that they were freshman. @LOCATION1 gives them a dirty look and says he definately down graded since I dated him. There was one certain girl that was literally hanging all over him. She was not even pretty at all. She had a short hair cut, but her hair was all greasy, it was like she had put lots of gel or had not taken a shower in two days. The girl was wearing clothes that were obviously way too small for her, you could see half of her upper body just exposed there. It was really trashy. We started laughing really hard because it was so obvious she was trying to get his attention and he was totally ignoring her. @LOCATION1 looked at me and we both starting laughing. I am not really sure what she was laughing at, because I was laughing at the girl hanging all over @LOCATION1's former boyfriend.   The next day we were in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 class and I made a comment about someone was being stupid and a student in the classroom tried to get me in trouble fo rit, but luckily my teacher liked me a lot better than the other student, because that person got in trouble way more frequently than I have. Later on in the day I got called down to the office because the vice principal needed to speak to me. He said @CAPS1 student has a problem with me calling him stupid. I have had lots of issues with @CAPS1 person and I told the vice principal that he is very obnxious, and I also explained everything else that happened earlier. The vice principal told me that I am not in trouble because he was trying to start an issue. We laughed because he tried to get me in trouble and it did not work, then we both laughed because that student is a trouble maker.  I have learned that throughout life you need to have a good laugh every now and then because laughter expresses your feelings and sometimes it just makes you feel really good. I know that with my experience I need to have those close people to make me laugh, also to get me through anything that I am going through.
