When I was younger I liked to go fishing a lot. I always went with my two friends @PERSON2 and @PERSON1.We loved to catch @CAPS1, @CAPS2 head, and sometimes @CAPS3. We did a lot of fishing while we were camping. One day when we were fishing for @CAPS2 head and it was not going very well. It was very cold and it was even snowing. We were about to leave when @PERSON1 hooked one on his last cast. He yelled t me that he was going to catch this on so I jumped off the four-wheeler and ran over to him. When I saw the fish I thought it was a @CAPS1. It was by far the biggest @CAPS2 head that we have ever seen.  While he was reeling it in he said that it was very strong and I could see that he was having trouble. After a few minutes he started to get the fish by the shore. We all started to relax and think that the day was going to be good now. Right as @PERSON1 told me to get the net he slipped and fell right in the river and he let go of the pole.At this time I thought we lost a fish and a pole but @PERSON1 was not thinking straight and he jumped in the water after the pole.   Once @PERSON2 and I saw him swimming and struggling we decided to jump in and help him catch his fish. The three of us were swimming as fast as we could in the cold water after a pole and I was almost to it. Right as I got about a foot from the pole the fish started to swim faster. While I was trying to get the pole I was not focused on where I was going and I got caught on a tree so it was up to @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 to get the pole.  The chase for the floating fishing pole had now gone on for over five minutes and all of us were very far down the river. Now @PERSON2 was very close to the pole and @PERSON1 and I were just catching up to him. Suddenly, @PERSON2 yelled that he got the pole so we all swam to the shore to reel in the fish. At this time we were very happy that we went in the ice cold river to after this fish and we could not wait to get home and dry. After a few minutes @PERSON2 was still reeling in the huge fish. He said he did not know how he was going to get it to the shore. Once the fish got very close to the shore @PERSON2 jerked the pole as hard as he could to get it onto the bank but as he pulled the line broke and the fish got away. All of our hard work was not for anything. After that we decided that it was time to just go home and sit by the fire. A lot of people I tell this story think it is funny but personally i don't see anything funny about swimming in the snow to break your fishing line. One good thing is that this was the most memorable day of fishing I had ever had.
