  Laughter in life is a good thing to have I believe. Once @CAPS3 I was @NUM1 year's old I had a and @CAPS1. We always loved to hang out and do things together like take walks, or go to the beach, or go to the parks. What was so funny was that that we also loved to eat together too, maybe not out his dog bowl, but off of plates or on a picnic table. He was a cute dog. He had four little puppies named @CAPS5-@CAPS6, popcorn,big tail, and mountain. I named them all weird animal names because that's either what they smelled like or that's what they looked or loved doing.  Why we named my dog @CAPS1 was because he always smelt like @CAPS1. I always took him on walks to make him a healthy dog. It made me very angry @CAPS3 he had puppies and a mate. I don't know why maybe just because head I really loved my dog and i wanted him to be mine only. My favorite friend. I thought in my head hey! that's my dog and you leave him alone and do not touch him. Well @CAPS3 he had puppies i finally realized in my head @CAPS1 just wanted a life of his own too, a family, and be a big boy dog. He didn't hate me, he loved me and giving him a family is what I allowed and it made him happy. What was funny about the little puppies was that they smelt like odd food, like @CAPS1, @CAPS5 chops, or popcorn. My favorite puppy was @CAPS5 @CAPS6 because that's what he smelt like, not @CAPS1 but @CAPS5. POPCORN was a good dog too so was the other dogs but @CAPS5 @CAPS6 was a biter. It's funny because those little puppies love to bite and chew on stuff. The second you leave my puppies alone they will so eat everything. One time @CAPS3 we went on a trip to another state he had to leave the puppies alone with a babysitter, and @CAPS3 we came back they ate up a lot of the clothes and destroyed everything. I also had @CAPS11 too but they weren't good animals or pets to have they also ate everything up, and they stink. No not like @CAPS1 or popcorn but something else gross. The puppies loved to nibble on your toes and your hair. They had small teeth but oh they hurt. Stinky breath those dogs had I don't know why but there stinky. One of my favorite story about @CAPS1 was that he never liked to swim. It was odd to me because you would have thought cats hate water more than dogs. Well @CAPS1 did not know how to swim so I had to teach him myself as a good owner and all. Well @CAPS3 ever he doggy-paddled, he stuck his head underwater and swam forward. I don't know why, but I always thought can he breath like that? or is it just a doggy thing. Well eventually I got him over that, I don't think it was good for him to swim underwater. Like cats he used to never like water, it was just a phobia my dog had I guess. But I tried my best to get him over it. @CAPS3 I moved around states I had to leave him it was the saddest thing in my life ever. But we all move on right. Laughter I think is so good to have in your life because it can help you become more anti-depressed and not have to focus on the bad things in life. Every now and then @CAPS3 I am sad i just go and think of @CAPS1. I had other animals like @CAPS10, @CAPS11, @CAPS12, and cats. Personally I love cats more than dogs but @CAPS1 will always be the first. My cats weren't really that social to me, there lazy.What was so funny about my cats was that I named one of them @CAPS14. Why I named that cat @CAPS14 was because he was all black but with white feet. It was funny because @CAPS3 ever he got mad he did a lot of turning and jumping around. He was a wild kitty. I named one of my cats @CAPS15 because he was so fast at everything. What was funny about him was @CAPS3 ever you play around with him he charged off like he ate a bowl of cat nip. Having animals in my life to be with gave me a story of laughter in my life, and happiness. Laughter I think is a good important part of relationships too. If you do not laugh in your relationship then I believe that the couple are not so happy. Laughter can be good many time's, but also can be a insult too. If it means becoming a insult to some people or even laughing at people is rude.  Having laughter in your life is something you should always keep because it can help you become happy in many situations and problems you encounter in life. To be happy you should have laughter.
