 Having laughter in your life is a big part in showing who you really are. Some people think that you @MONTH1 be one person who can be "stuck up" or a funny person who can really be "stuck up", but in the end your all laughing together no matter who they are. When you see something happen real funny you can't help but laugh. Or even when you get nervous all people do is laugh it off. All different kinds of people have different ways in showing how they can use laughter in their own lives. "@CAPS1 are blue, roses are red, your always in my head, i want you in my bed...." That's suppose to be a love poem. When your in a relationship with someone you might think your in love. If your partner is never open about anything, you probably don't have a great relationship. See if you can argue one moment with your lover then the next laugh it off because you were silly to be even discussing it. Your relationship involves love and laughter. Friendship is another great relationship for laughter. For example my friend and I were invited to a birthday party, she had lots of fun games and lots of food. My friend that went with me to the party her name is @PERSON1. It was gettting late, and we were tired. We were not doing anything this was probably around @NUM1 in the @TIME1. See us for some reason do love to sleep, but we were just having such a great time at our friends house we just didn't want the night to end at all.  We al sat and layed there on the ground and bed for about four hour earlier watching "@CAPS2 A". Then out of random i started to laugh at @LOCATION1, and till this day I don't know why i was laughing at her. All of the sudden she started to laugh a lot harder at me, then I was starting to laugh harder just because she was laughing. I was almost to the point where I couldn't breathe no more. So I got up walk my self to the bathroom, but i could still hear @CAPS3 laughter in the room which was still making me laugh.  Since that night @PERSON1 and I got a lot closer in our friendship. Laughter is a lot in life. It might make you feel like your dying sometimes, but that feeling is worth it.
