 When I was adopted, I didn't know what to expect. Thoughts ran through my mind of what the @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 were like, what the home was like, and if they would like me or not. I was told I was going to have two new sisters named @PERSON2 and @CAPS3. Sitting in the passenger seat of the black @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS4 my heart began to pound harder and harder at the passing of every street, coming closer each second to the home that I would soon be able to call my own. Approaching the driveway I saw a well laid out, one story blue house. The door was opened by a really tall well built man, who appeared to just have gotten off of work. He was very welcoming and said his name was @CAPS5, as he invited me in I was greeted by a white pit bull whose name was @CAPS6. To the right was a girl with short hair who was a little bit taller than little five foot three inch me, whose name was @CAPS3. I was a year older than her though, so I saw it as a fun thing to have a little sister. At first I didn't notice she was observing me and then finally when I did notice, she gave me a really big smile exposing her beautiful straight teeth. When I met @CAPS1 who said her name was @PERSON1, I automatically felt this warm feeling of acceptance right away. She was also a little bit taller than me, and was very pretty. They told me that I would be meeting @PERSON2, my older sister the following @DATE1 because she was attending college in @LOCATION1 at @ORGANIZATION1. We stood in the kitchen and talked a little bit trying to get to know the basics about each other. I became very talkative as little electric currents of anxiety drifted through my body. We talked about our interests for a while, and then I finally asked them what the rules were. The response I got was quite different than what I thought I was going to get. I learned that they have never had to ground any of the girls, the only thing that I should make sure to do is simply respect everyone in the household. Finally @CAPS2 decided it was time for the grand tour of the home. My room was a bed room that at the moment was being used as a storage room, so I had to stay with @CAPS3 in her room for a few weeks until @CAPS2 could get all of the things taken out into a shed he was going to built outside in the back yard. The continuous rain kept him from being able to do anything outside, so instead he built a desk for the computer that would fit in the bay window next to the kitchen. Since plan A didn't work out for my room, @CAPS1 ended up having the office be converted into my room and the bay window area was converted into an office space for @CAPS2 to be able to run his business. Each week that passed I began to feel more comfortable, my favorite part of the day was dinner because @CAPS1 was a really great cook. @CAPS1 would take me to counseling sessions to make the transition into the family an easy one. I have never had any one put my needs first before, and it made me feel loved for once in my life. It was always really easy to talk to @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, but I would always find it a little bit harder to talk to @CAPS3. I was always worrying about saying too much or not saying enough, even not being able to say the right thing at the right time. Trying to connect with my sister was a challenge for me. I wanted to get to know what her interests were, but she would constantly be with her friends or be doing her homework.  It wasn't until my @ORGANIZATION1 was having a @CAPS18 @CAPS19 fundraiser that we decided to go. She invited her friend @PERSON3 and I went along to pay for their ice cream. When we arrived and got our ice creams we all sat down at a table when all of a sudden, @ORGANIZATION2's @ORGANIZATION1 friends show up and decide to leave @CAPS3. I see the hurt in @CAPS3's stare right away, so I began to tell her a funny story of something that had happened to me. After I was done we laughed and then she replied with a story of her own. We kept talking back and forth in a reciprocal conversation, and without realizing it we were really enjoying ourselves. It wasn't until later that week when I went to see the counselor that I learned laughter brings people together and connects them in ways one cannot imagine. To this day @CAPS3 and I are really close, and we even prank each other now. I love my little sister @CAPS3.
