 Laughter is what I'd like to call a "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @CAPS3". Because no matter what language or tongue you speak, when something funny occurs, the natural reaction is to laugh. This reaction is present for all people, and when it takes place; it's contagious and helps to bring everyone together. Laughter also emits a sense of happiness and joy, which in return makes people feel more free and open to join in and laugh as well. In many instances, if there is an awkward situation at hand, laughter plays a big role in lightening the mood; and making the atmosphere a little more comfortable. In @DATE1 laughter was a big key in the success of our annual @ORGANIZATION1.  Our @ORGANIZATION1 consists of around @NUM1 people (including cousins, and some close friends); so as you can see it @MONTH1 not be easy to get to know and interact with everyone. However, at dinner time we like to switch it up, and sit next to relatives that you wouldn't normally sit next to. At first, it's usually very awkward, and sometimes even frightening for the younger kids, when they end up to sitting next to our very loud and opinionated aunts and uncles. That is until my @LOCATION1 decides to crack one of his hilarious jokes.  My @LOCATION1 is somewhat of a @CAPS4 of awkwardness. Not necessarily that he enjoys being in awkward situations, but rather that he enjoys watching them play out. Eventually about halfway through the meal, after eating in close to utter silence; he decides to stand up and give a little toast to the @ORGANIZATION1. Following the speech, he always concludes with a well rehearsed joke; which, gets everyone laughing. Some of the younger cousins don't always understand the play on words. But what really gets them going, is listening to all of our aunts and uncles hoot and holler things like "@CAPS5 @CAPS6" and "@CAPS7 help me" mixed in with their obnoxious laughs. After all the fun dies down, the awkwardness always seems to drift away, leaving us with the feelings of happiness and joy that I described earlier. I believe that those feelings directly correlate to lightening the mood, and in helping to get everyone more comfortable with who they happen to be sitting by. Once all these things occur, conversation gets flowing and everyone ends up getting to know a @ORGANIZATION1 member, that they otherwise might have not gotten the chance to truly meet. Laughter is one of the keys to happiness in life; because without it, life would be very dull and boring. Laughter also has the power to change situations, and to make them better for the most part.  In @DATE1, laughter changed a situation in my life for the better, just like it has done so many times since then. In my eyes, laughter is the best @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 out there. If you really want to get to know a person, all you have to do is make them laugh!
