 Laughter is huge part of life. Or so that is what I believe and grew up with. "A day without laughing is a waste of a day." @CAPS1 quote has greatly influenced my life. As well as the people in my life.  My mother is quite the entertainer. People have told her that she should become a comedian. Apparently our family stories are very amusing. Mostly because they involve my brother in some way or another. He's adventurous, spontaneous, and is not afraid of anything. Sometimes his decisions are not the smartest. A majority of the stories my mom talks about are from when my brother was little. She loves to talk about one in particular.   When my brother was younger he liked to take part in adrenaline based activities. Like extreme rollerblading, biking, and skateboarding. He would try to do every trick in the book and then some. @CAPS1 story, however, does not include him getting hurt or someone else getting hurt. Which is surprising because it seemed like every day he would injure himself or his best friend @CAPS2.  When I was about eight or nine, putting my brother at age eleven or twelve, we were at one of my soccer games. My brother had to use the bathroom and when he came back, my mom was not pleased. He went to use the port-o-potty and he had just gotten two new shirts; a white t-shirt to go under a new button-up. It was a hot afternoon, so he took off his new white t-shirt but kept on the button-up. Unfortunately, he dropped the white shirt. He dropped it into the rancid, disgusting excrement. If @CAPS4 ask him, it was all an accident and my mom was not happy about it.  My mom is the person in the family who thoroughly enjoys laughter. I think about her words of wisdom all the time, "@CAPS3 when it seems like nothing can get better, think of the positives in your life and laugh. Because really, that's all @CAPS4 can do. If @CAPS4 embarrass yourself in front of a lot of people @CAPS4 need to laugh it off. If @CAPS4 can laugh about it, it won't matter if anyone else does." @CAPS4 need to get through life somehow. Might as well make it the best, and laughter is truly the best. It makes my mood better, and makes me feel welcome and at home.    There are many stories about what my brother did, or how blond I am. But ultimately, all that matters is that we can laugh about something every day. It brings us closer. "A day without laughing is a waste of a day."  
