 Looking back on my early childhood, one thing that stands out bright and shiny in my memory is laughter. Since birth, I have always loved to smile and laugh. I've found a kind of comfort, peace, and confidence through laughter alone, which I doubt I would have been able to find somewhere else naturally. This could, in part, be because of my @CAPS1. We rarely get to see each other because he lives in @LOCATION2 and I live in @LOCATION3, but when we do have the luxury of spending time together, it is always full of laughter, and full of joy. I credit him for giving my my love for laughter. I've been told by my parents that as a baby all my @CAPS1 had to do was laugh, and my eyes brightened and a smile became apparent as wide as the @LOCATION1 on my face. It's been that way ever since. One of my earliest memories I have is laying on my parent's bed listening to my @CAPS1 tell me jokes. Every time he finished I would erupt in laughter, and, at the sight of me laughing, he would burst out too. The important detail to note is, when my @CAPS1 laughs, his belly shakes violently like @ORGANIZATION1. I found this the greatest part of the jokes. Once his belly started bouncing up and down, my laughter became uncontrollable. Our laughter escalated until tears were streaming down our faces. Besides having a belly that bounces when he laughs, my @CAPS1 has one of the most distinctive and contagious laughs one has ever been lucky enough to hear. It's one of those fabulous and enriching laughs which words do not do justice, but once you hear it, you won't ever forget it. His laughter can light up the darkest room in a house. For me, his laugh almost has medicinal healing. Whenever I hear my @CAPS1 laugh, for just a moment, the world stops, and everything within is okay. I am not the only one who has a great appreciation for my @CAPS1's laugh. My father and him both have a love for telling jokes, which I have observed over the years, is one of the few items they hold a common agreement on. Everything from politics, to religion, to who should pay for dinner, usually ends in an argument between them. Because of that, they tend to stay clear of those topics for fear of confrontation. They have never mentioned this, but from my observation over the years, I've come to the conclusion that the laughter they share so often, acts as the glue which keeps their relationship strong. Were it not for laughter, I sometimes wonder if they would still have a working, loving relationship. I will forever be thankful for the great gift my @CAPS1 unknowingly gave me at such a young age. He created a deep and passionate love for laughter inside me, which has gotten me through the roughest times. I truly believe that laughter heals the soul and that when two people share a laugh, they are bonded for a moment in a precious, fragile, and sacred way. My day can be going horribly, and in the instant that a joke is cracked, and laughter overwhelms my body, everything brightens and the worries and stresses of my day seem so minute. Finding humor in every situation is another lesson that my @CAPS1 taught me. If you can find humor, you can find serenity in the most disastrous moments. Laughter, to me, is somewhat like a drug. It's a harmless, enriching, and life-saving drug which I can proudly say I hope to be addicted to for the rest of my life, thanks to my @CAPS1.
