 Gym clothes @CAPS1  People say laughter can bring together anyone. I do not know if that is true but, I do know that it can bring together two very unlikely @CAPS1 . Me and my best friend are complete opposite yet we became best @CAPS1 over a simple joke in the locker room. It happened on a @TIME1 that was not going to great for me, or her. It was @DATE1 @TIME1 I had to go to school. I had woken up late just the missed, walked all the way to school and had already dropped my lunch in the hallway about three times when, I walked straight into @PERSON1. (my soon to be best friend) "@CAPS2 where your going." she said to me in a catty voice and stuck me with a pointed glare. Me being shy, i just ducked my head and kept walking. @PERSON1 was one of the prettiest girls in school and hung out with the " In " clique I, well I didn't. Most of the time I hung out by my self.  Her @TIME1 had been going just about as well as mine was. Her @CAPS3 had broken up with her ,for her best friend, at the time,she also had stayed the night in the hospital with her brother who had been in a car accident. So she was in the same mood I was.What was even worse was our next class was @CAPS4.E.! I got into the locker room and as soon as I walked in I realized I had forgotten my gym clothes. @PERSON1 had just entered behind me and by the sigh she let out I knew she had forgotten hers to . We were going to have to use some from the bucket...  The bucket was where all lost or unwanted items ended up @CAPS5 there was cool stuff like sweat shirts and @CAPS5 neat tee shirts but you could never be sure if they were clean. Today though, it looked like there was only guy clothes. I walked over to the bucket and @PERSON1 came over next to me. We both began to dig through the bucket. Finding nothing but over sized sweat pants and extra large shirts we @CAPS6 out the ones we thought were the best. We changed and as soon as our eyes met we both started cracking up. We looked like two little kids playing in their dads clothes. She could not let go of her pants or else they would drop around her ankles and the shirt I was wearing hung down past my knees. Neither of us stopped laughing until our sides ached and there were tears running down our faces.  When the @ORGANIZATION1 teacher banged on the door we walked out of the locker room and the whole gym stared at us but we had found confidence and friendship in each other so, we didn't care. Sense that day @PERSON1 and I have been glued to each others sides as best @CAPS1. We have been through many fights but every time I think about that day in the locker room I can't help but to laugh. That is how laughter brought @PERSON1 and I to be best @CAPS1.
