 One of the most oddest things in life is how people can have different ways of doing things for just about anything. @CAPS1 what I see most is laughing. There is that laugh you do when you don't really understand your bosses joke and then there is that laugh that you do when it really isn't the "right time." @CAPS1 one of my favorite is laughing at your best friend when your crying. Sitting on the train a few weeks ago, I saw a lady with her friend sobbing about how her boyfriend just recently broke up with her. Quietly turning over my shoulder I try to hear more of the story. Her friend nodded and comfort her. @CAPS1 then said something about how gross it was when he ate. Sort of like a cow eating grass. As soon her friend said this the girls face blushed and she giggled with laughter. @CAPS1 still her eyes were red as she sniffled a little. @CAPS1 a slow smile washed over her face. The woman had more of giggle then a laugh. @CAPS1 you could tell the girl was going to be okay because she had someone to make her laugh and remember life is more then just a guy. I thought for a second how this happens more then you think with my best friend. I feel like now even that seven years have gone by it never gets old when we bust out laughing. Most of the time it's something stupid and we are just strangely thinking the same thing. @CAPS1 then there's other times where it will be like the lady's behind me. One of us is upset and we know the perfect thing to say to each other. Friendship is like that. And laughter is the medicine to any problem.  After watching the two woman I turn in front of me seeing now a teenage boy and girl. The girl looks slightly nervous as she keeps smoothing her skirt out. Then the boy who keeps shaking his knee up an down. And you can tell he's trying to think of something to say while he keeps taking quick sips from his water bottle. The girl finally pointed out the window and said something about when she was a girl she would play soccer there. He looked where she was pointing and said he thought he maybe played baseball there one time. She nodded her head and they got silent again. The train came to it's next stop jerking a little making the boy spill some of his water on his pants. The girl quickly pulled some tissues out of her purse giving them to the boy. His cheeks flushed with red as he started to chuckle and explaining how nervous he was and this wasn't going to help. The girl stared at him and quickly started to smile. Then they both began to look at each other and started to laugh. The boys laugh was deep and echoed across the train the girls was contagious @CAPS1 sweet. Now the ice had been broken because of one awkward moment and had them both talking and laughing. This was the start of could maybe be even young love. I smiled and rested my head on the window. Watching the trees blur by. I knew how our world is always talked about being so melancholy @CAPS1 I think people forget moments like this. It's those brief seconds with another human relating to you. Making you laugh and caring enough to try to make you feel better that keeps our world from completely going insane.  The train slams and starts to slow down as it comes to a stop. I slouch my bag on to my shoulder and get off the train. As I step outside I feel the cool air kiss my cheeks. I looked around see people hurry by me looking for their next bus or person to pick them up. I sit down on the bench and watched the teenage couple holding hands as they walk by me. As they smile and talk everything suddenly goes dark. I throw my hands up to my eyes connecting with another big cold hands. I snap around to see the person who had blinded me. It was my dad smiling ear to ear. I stood up on the bench and hugged him as I started to laugh. My laugh was high pitched @CAPS1 muffled in my dads coat. This was the best type of laugh to me. No action was funny or a friend saying something @CAPS1 because your so happy sometimes you just have to let out a little bit of joy. You just laugh, not for any reason @CAPS1 because your happy. And then in that second everything bad or what you stressed about goes away. Maybe just for a little awhile @CAPS1 it's still something that could make your whole day better.
