 Laughter. A story about laughter is what you want to hear? Well my life is filled with laughter and smiling. Crazy I know! If it wasn't for laughing I would not have the six pack that I have today. Have you ever stopped to think about when one person can make another person laugh they usually become really close friends maybe even best friends? My boyfriend is my best friend. This one time my boyfriend and I were laughing so hard. My boyfriend is my life. I spend pretty much everyday with him, he is so amazing. Me and him well we do everything together. He is very close to me. He is the best best friend anyone could ask for! I've only known him for about a year, a lot can happen in one year. You can meet new people, build relationships, and even move away from those relationships you just made. Me and @PERSON1 we are always laughing, at each other and at other things as well. We always have fun times with each other. It was a late @DATE1 @TIME1 and he was walking me home like he always did before. There is this field with extremely tall grass and we were walking right next to it. All of a sudden out of no where he acts like he is getting pulled into the grass. So guess what I did, I screamed as loud as I could possibly scream! Then he starts calling my name in a creepy voice telling me to come over to the grass. Out of curiosity of what just happened I start walking over towards the tall grass. When I arrived to the spot where he entered the grass he tells me "@CAPS1 I lost my shoe and I can't seem to find it anywhere!" @PERSON1 and I start looking everywhere for his shoe. We couldn't see anything because it was really dark, so we used our hands to search around for his shoe, "I found it!" I said. After we found the shoe we realized two hours went by. We were so tired we laid down in the grass to take and break and we both started cracking up with laughter because of how ridiculous it was that we spent two hours on something that was suppose to be a little joke! it was so awesome. When we finally got to our feet our bellies hurt so bad and were very sore. I have never laughed harder than that in my life. Every time I'm with @PERSON1 is the best time ever. We always seem to find a way to make each other laugh. Without best friends or even just friends you would probably find it hard to laugh. With friends you always have someone to laugh at and also laugh with. This is why i cherish my best friend @PERSON1 and all the happy and laughing times we have together, because you'll never know when the last time you'll see that person will be. I try to be as happy as I can and I try to always make people laugh because laughter is the best way of exercise.
