 I never thought that laughing can help you start a conversation with someone you don't even know. But @CAPS4 can. Just by laughing with someone can get you to meet a new person. One of the things I do first @CAPS6 someone is trying to be funny is laugh. Once you know @CAPS2 the other person is talking about, you forget that you are just getting to know that person. This happened to me once. @CAPS4 happened in @LOCATION1, where my family and I usually go every year in @DATE1. I made a great friend and the first thing we did was laugh. As you know, @LOCATION1 is a hot place and the sun is usually out every day. I spend the days we stay over there going out to walk with my sister and cousins or going to the beach with all my family. I remember @CAPS4 was a day that my cousins, sister and I went to a small store that's right down the street from where we stay at. We wanted to buy candy and other stuff to bring with us @CAPS6 we returned to our home. I didn't expect to see one of my cousins there with his friends. @CAPS6 I saw them, the only thing they were doing was laughing about something. I couldn't hear them but once we got closer, I heard a hilarious thing they said. I couldn't help overhearing so I started to laugh. One of his friends saw me laughing and he thought I was laughing at him. He asked me if I was laughing at him and of course I said no. I told him I had accidentally overheard his conversation so then he started to laugh. "That was funny wasn't @CAPS4" he told me laughing. "@CAPS1 @CAPS4 was. I didn't know you made jokes like that" I replied.  He kept on talking to me and then he said, "I always talk like that so don't be afraid. I don't say @CAPS4 to hurt anyone."  I thought @CAPS4 was nice for him to clear that out but I already knew people in @LOCATION1 talk like that. We kept on talking @CAPS6 I started to laugh again. "@CAPS2 did I say now?" he asked. "@CAPS3. I was just remembering @CAPS2 you said in the beginning. That was really funny" I replied. For some reason I couldn't forget of @CAPS2 he said and I don't think I will ever forget. I think @CAPS4 was probably because the way we met was really surprising to me. I had never met a person, especially a guy, by laughing first. I guess I thought @CAPS4 was a great way to start a conversation. Laughing with the person will let them know that we are interested in their subject and we understand them. That's at least @CAPS2 I thought. I had a good conversation with my new friend. We talked about how I was taking my vacations. I told him that every year I go and I always enjoy them. My family and I have a great time spending time with my grandparent and cousins from @LOCATION1. I told him I sometimes say I would rather live in @LOCATION1 than where I live know because @CAPS4's so much calmer there. He agreed with me on one part of @CAPS2 I had told him because he knows @CAPS2 @CAPS4's like to live in @LOCATION1, but he doesn't know how I's like to live in any other place. After he told me that, he stayed quiet for a couple of seconds. I noticed something instantly. I had noticed that our conversation wasn't like in the beginning. In the beginning, we wouldn't stop laughing and we had interesting stuff to say. Then, @CAPS4 got calmer and a little unusual. I didn't want to just stop our conversation there so I asked him where was he going to go because @CAPS6 I started talking to him, he was with one of my cousins and I was with my other cousins. Now we started laughing again. This time @CAPS4 was because we just had noticed that the people we were with had left us. "@CAPS6 did they leave?" he asked me. "I don't know, but they can't be that far because we haven't been talking for a long time," I told him. We walked together to go and look for them and I was right. They weren't that far. They were still looking for things to buy and I don't think they noticed we were missing. We just got together with them and acted as if @CAPS3 had happened. @CAPS4 was strange for me because whenever I looked at him, I would remember our conversation. The first thing that would come to my mind was that we started our conversation by laughing at a funny thing he said. I actually liked making a new friend this way. Now, whenever I go to @LOCATION1, I know I have a new friend over there and if I decide to, I can make other friends by simply laughing with them in their conversations.
