             The @CAPS1 of Laughter Laughter can be used in many different ways, you could either laugh because something is funny, to be rude, or just because you enjoy what people are doing and @CAPS3 brings a smile to your face. Sometimes we shouldn't laugh at other people because @CAPS3 could hurt them even more then we imagine, and @CAPS3 could even affect their life @CAPS2 they grow older. When I was younger I faced a situation which affected me @CAPS2 I grew up. I have always enjoyed singing ever since I could remember, but up to one point I couldn't bare to sing in front of a crowd or even my family.  I was about four years old. @CAPS3 was a dark @DATE1 @TIME1, my family decided that we were going to go out to have some fun at a place called @ORGANIZATION1. This @ORGANIZATION1 was where family and friends could get together to have a great time, there would be a band playing, bright round colorful tables to sit at, drinks, and @CAPS3 had a game room for the children to play at. My cousin's and their band were going to playing that @TIME1. My family and I got all dressed up, I wore a beautiful white dress that my mother had chose for me to wear. I looked like a star in my own eyes and I was satisfied. When we arrived my family and I sat at a bright, lime green, glow in the dark, round table and watched the performance.  I danced with my parents for a long time and then I would play games with my brother and friends. My cousin who is the lead singer of the band was calling out in the microphone if anyone would like to sing a @CAPS1 to the crowd. I ran to my parents and told them that this was my chance to shine and that I wanted to do @CAPS3. They smiled at me and said "yes sweetheart, of course you can do @CAPS3!" @CAPS2 I ran up to where my cousin was standing, I pushed through the bundle of children so that I could be in the front. I looked up smiled, and raised my hand at my cousin shouting for her to chose me. My cousin smiled back and picked me up and placed me on the speaker! I was so delighted, I couldn't even breath. @CAPS3 was my biggest dream to stand up here with a microphone in my hand. @CAPS2 I stood on the big speaker box, I looked at the crowd of people and took a deep breath and I began to sing. I was singing my most favorite @CAPS1 that I knew by memory. The crowd smiled and clapped, but @CAPS2 soon @CAPS2 I sang the chorus of the @CAPS1 everyone started to laugh. I didn't know why they were laughing. Was @CAPS3 because I accidentally forgot to take my gum out of my mouth? Because I did happen to forget. Or was @CAPS3 because I sounded really bad? I was so scared, the gum that I was chewing in my mouth started to harden and my voice grew faint. I began to panic, my eyes started to become watery. I noticed tears coming down all over my face. I couldn't even bare being up in front of all these people if they were going to laugh at me. So I jumped off the speaker, ran to my mother, and began to cry in her lap. I cried for a long hour, my family tried telling me that everything was fine and that I did a magnificent job, but @CAPS3 wasn't enough for me to believe @CAPS3. Over the years I always detested singing in front of people. @CAPS3 scared me just having the thought of maybe someone would burst out laughing because I was either bad, or off key. After that I always began to tell myself that I had a horrible voice and I knew @CAPS3 was the reason why the crowd at the @ORGANIZATION1 laughed at me. Every time my parents would ask me to sing a @CAPS1 I would tell them "no thank you, I don't like to sing anymore." @CAPS3 wasn't true at all, I lied about @CAPS3 to my own parents, but I still had that horrible feeling in my heart and soul. Now that I am older I understand why I was so terrified, and the reason why the people laughed wasn't at all what I thought @CAPS3 was. My parents told me that @CAPS3 was because the people thought that I was adorable, and since I was young I couldn't really pronounce some words right. I giggled at @CAPS3, and now I just keep telling myself that I can sing because nothing else is going to bring me down, and I am trying to stay positive about @CAPS3. @CAPS3's still very hard for me to sing a solo, but after a certain period of time I will have the strength and courage to sing to anyone. 
