 In the ninth grade I was required to give a speech about a book. The speech was to be persuasive, like a television or radio advertisement. I am awful at giving speeches. Before speeches my hands get clammy and cold, I experience "hot flashes," and occasionally get nauseous. During speeches my eyes frantically glance around the room, my breathing pattern changes to quick short breathes. Almost in sync with my glances. At the end of my speeches I begin shaking and am nearly in a state of shock. I do not speak, I do not laugh, and I feel like hiding. Luckily, @CAPS4 speech was different. My @CAPS1 class had all girls and one boy. Not to say I am sexist, but having the majority of the room being female did help. Girls have a way of acceptance, or at least creating a facade of acceptance, and that does make me feel relaxed and calmer.  So when the time came for me to stand up in front of the room nearly everyone in the class had a slight smile of ambition and readiness to listen to what I had to say. Everyone was making eye contact with me. Compared to the average classroom setting of "speech giving time," (when people are doodling or mouthing words to each other) the classroom was zoned in on me. Today @CAPS5 felt like everyone was ready to hear me no matter what I really had to say, and how professional @CAPS5 came out. I felt superior, as if I had the power to alter their lives, almost so superior that I could spit propaganda at them and they would eat @CAPS5 up (@CAPS2't that what advertisment is? Telling a group of people the good things about a product or idea, and hiding the bad things?). The group looked so innocent. Today I was ready to give my speech, just because of that spark of acceptance, and a smile. I began. My speech was told with puppets with a cardboard box around @CAPS5 to serve the purpose of a television. @CAPS4 also made me feel better because all the audience saw was my puppets and all they heard was the voices of the "actors." @CAPS3 the first few lines of the speech my group of classroom peers laughed, @CAPS4 was not what they had expected. I am a shy, quiet girl who barely has the courage to raise her hand in class. I wear things like semi-large coats to set a barrier between myself and the world. A lot of times when I give speeches people laugh, but usually a negative laugh. The kind of laugh that the teacher has to hush everyone. @CAPS5's also the kind of laugh that makes me cut my speech shorter, that just makes the speech a introduction and an ending, bodiless. So for me to break out of my shell was a big step in what most think of as the correct direction. The sound of @CAPS4 laughter coaxed me to continue forward with my speech.  At the end of my speech everyone clapped. They always clap. @CAPS5 is required to clap. @CAPS4 clap was different, @CAPS5 was clapping for the success of the speaker, a clap that said "@CAPS4 speech had a clear purpose, and made the audience want to keep listening." @CAPS5 was not a pity clap. Then I smiled. My smile represented that I knew I had succeeded. That I had gotten a group of people together and focused on hearing what I had to say, and that they had comprehended @CAPS5, and maybe that they would now want to read the book. @CAPS4 was one of the first speeches I had ever met all of the requirements on. The length of the speech was good, not long enough to make the audience fall asleep and not quick enough for them to forget the true purpose of the speech. I enunciated all of my words so everyone could understand what I was saying, @CAPS4 was a definite improvement, and also a factor of why they laughed. They could hear my witty jokes and comments. Lastly, my puppets also had a introduction, body, and conclusion to their babble. Usually I get so nervous I forget to say the body of the speech. Laughter can be mean, cruel and disrespectful. My speech story is an example of how laughter can effect people positively. The laughter of the audience was cheery, happy, encouraging, and accepting.
