                                        Laughter  @CAPS1 I first meet someone there is always a small wall to climb before we can really get to know eachother: @CAPS2 laugh. I have this weird awkward nervous laugh, almost like a giggle, that I don't even hear. Others do though. Especially when they first meet me. I think that most times it helps people get to know me faster. But other times, I think it is a hindrance to getting to know me.  When someone first meets me they usually always comment on @CAPS2 laugh. They either seem slightly thrown off by it, or they easily open up and joke around with me. They always tell me about it: @CAPS3 odd it is, @CAPS3 much I do it, what it's like, etc. As if I've never been told about it before. But, this is fine. I don't hear it come out and I don't mind being told. I don't really think of it as a bad thing. When they seem thrown off by @CAPS2 laughing, I get more awkward and try to control it, but usually end up doing it even more. If it seems to make them laugh and they don't make fun of me for it, I just let it come out, and it becomes very easy to get to know that person. I never really realized just @CAPS3 bad it was, until one weekend at the beach. I was on a beach retreat with @CAPS2 youth group, and one of the activities was a video scavenger hunt. We went around town and took videos of different things, actions, situations, and people. One of these things we had to get a video of was one of us playing rock paper scissors with a stranger. So I promptly went up to two older women and asked to play a game with them. When we all watched the videos later I saw and heard just @CAPS3 weird @CAPS2 voice, laugh, and mannerisms are with strangers. People had told me about them from time to time, but I'd never seen it. It was weird! Another situation was working at @LOCATION1 this @DATE1. When we did icebreaker games to break tension and meet the people on our teams more easily. Everyone on @CAPS2 team seemed slightly weirded out by me. I couldn't figure out why, until one person would just step up and be straightforward: and inform me of @CAPS2 laugh. As the first week went by though, I was the person that knew everyone on the team the best. Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. It can be bridged quickly, or made greater: depending on @CAPS3 people react to it. If they join in it together, the distance is destroyed. When, however, one person doesn't join into the laughter, or doesn't enjoy the other person's laugh, this distance is greatly increased. It becomes hard to breach this distance, and the chance to do so is probably lost. And that is just too bad. We should all be able to laugh together and share in eachother's joy.
