During the @DATE1 I decided to join @ORGANIZATION2, I raised a market pig and was determined to sell it at the @LOCATION1. Raising a pig was time consuming and hard work. Without patience, great teachers, and having fun I wouldn't have been able to do it. That @DATE1 I had some great experiences and some of them, not so great. This was my first time being involved with @ORGANIZATION2, also my first time raising a pig. I never thought that I would have so many awkward moments. One of my awkward, yet funny moments happened when I was shoveling pig poop with my friend @ORGANIZATION1. This was also @ORGANIZATION1's first time being involved with @ORGANIZATION2 and raising a pig. @ORGANIZATION1 and I were just trying to hurry and get our work finished so that we could go back to our homes and shower. Turns out I was in to much of a hurry. My boots sank into the mud and poop which made me lose my balance, I tried using the shovel to catch my self but it was too late. I was covered in pig poop and mud from head to toe, I had fallen in it. @ORGANIZATION1 and I looked at each other for what seemed to be two minutes, but was only about six seconds, then we busted out in laughter. After our laughing was under control she helped me get up and we went to go find our agriculture teacher @PERSON1.  When @PERSON1 saw my once blue pants now brown, he couldn't help but laugh at me. He got his camera out and took some picture of me that are very embarrassing but make myself and others smile. After all the joking, laughing, and pictures were finished @PERSON1 gave some old clothes to wear for my ride home. I had to roll the window down because the car got pretty smelly. When I arrived home, I headed straight for the shower. This is an experience I will never forget. If I didn't have friends around me I don't think I would have thought of the experience as something positive and funny. Because @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 were there to help me and laugh with me, I got some pretty fun memories out of that @DATE1 raising a pig. Without the laughter it might of been a little negative, I might have been mad, or embarrassed, or sad. Laughter is an important element to have in a positive healthy lifestyle.
