 Bright blue waves of morning light streamed over the hill tops as the waking sun began to rise to its daily position. The crisp, chill air arose the slumbering birds. Soon, the dusk setting transformed into a vibrant morning where the birds chattered with their mellifluous tone of song. Gentle breezes swept through the trees causing the leaves to dance. The green grass appeared to flow like an ocean while the cracked gravestones remained stationary; just as anchored ships at sea. Any spectator @MONTH1 agree that this particular graveyard scene presents a prodigious feeling; however, when one is to catch a glimpse of the stoical man who stands before the silent tombstone, the spectator's heart fills with empathy and despair. Motionless, young @PERSON1 stood before the tombstone. The gentle, but quick breeze began to accelerate into a harsh wind. @PERSON1's teary eyes and wet face began to dry. Although the windy weather was not uncommon for @PERSON2, @LOCATION1, a long lost memory interrupted @PERSON1's thought for an unknown reason. For a split moment, his mind drifted back to sixteen years ago when @CAPS5 was still alive. His eyes closed as the wind began to calm. He could nearly hear her voice.  "@CAPS1, I would like you to meet someone," @CAPS5 yelled from upstairs. It was @DATE1, and six-year-old @PERSON1 came zealously running up the stairs. Breathing rapidly, he arrived at the top of the creaky stair case and skipped to his parent's room. "@CAPS2 @CAPS3?" he asked as he began to turn the cold, brass door knob. He opened the door just a crack and peered into the room. His blue eyes sparkled with curiosity. He observed how the mid-wife gracefully glided to his mother's bedside to prop her head up with another pillow. His attention then altered to his father who was sitting on the edge of the bed cradling a small bundle of pink blankets. "@CAPS4 hello to your new baby sister,"said @PERSON1's mother. Still clutching the brass knob, @PERSON1 pushed open the door with the palm of his left hand. The door moaned as @PERSON1 began to place the tip of his @CAPS7 light-up sneaker onto the roan colored carpet in his parent's bedroom. Carefully and cautiously, he advanced to the foot of his parent's bed where his father sat. He stood in front of his father with wide eyes. "@CAPS5 was born less that an hour ago," said his father. @PERSON1 then looked to the heap of pink blankets. He nervously reached out his clammy hand and gently pinched the top layer of blankets to uncover the face of his little sister. All was silent except for the wind outside. Inch-by-inch, he slowly began to peal back the top blanket; but, before @PERSON1 could even finish this task, the new-born baby let out a startling exhale. @PERSON1 lurched back and slammed against the bedroom door. His father jumped because of @PERSON1's reaction, but was careful no to wake the baby. @PERSON1 felt as if his heart was about to jump out of his chest. Wide-eyed and out of breath, he looked to his mother. To @PERSON1's surprise, he found his mother quite amused. The corners of her moth began to curl up and a slight giggle leaked out. Soon enough, both his parents were immersed in a hypnotic laughter; their bodies shaking rhythmically. @PERSON1 began to relax and smiled at this mother. "@CAPS6 @CAPS5 scare you a little?" @CAPS5 asked. His father chimed in, I would think so!" The three of them laughed for the next five minutes while the mid-wife simply smiled and the baby lay sound asleep in the strong arms of her father.  @PERSON1 could feel the overwhelming essence of reality rushing back to him; just as the wind flowed through his brown hair. He missed her. He cried for her. He wished @CAPS5 could of won the ferocious battle fought between the human body and cancer; but, @CAPS5 didn't. Now @CAPS5 was gone. He would never see his mother on @LOCATION2 again. Although this memory succeeded in bringing him sadness, it failed to push @PERSON1 into depression. Instead, he suddenly recalled an ancient saying: "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS7 then, @PERSON1 suddenly realized how unbelievably close he was to his precious mother. He possessed eight years of memories made with his mother and many of these memories involved laughter. @PERSON1 tilted his head to the sun as tears of joy rushed down his face. Now he understood the fact that love is never dependent on time. Granted, he only knew his mother for a small chapter of his life; however, the memories made and laughter shared still continues to engulf @PERSON1 with his mother's love.   In my mind, @PERSON1 is classified as a superior individual. As I am his only full sister, he never fails to educate me of his past memories with our mother. I love her and miss her, but know I will see her again someday; and when I do, we will be bound together with joy and laughter. 
