 Have you ever wondered how you and your best friends even became friends? Maybe not, but maybe you have and couldn't remember. Well this story I'm about to tell you today is about how my friend @PERSON3 and I became friends. I'm also going to tell you how we have stayed friends for as long as we have and all the little things that have kept us friends. Admittedly we did not start off as friends who laughed all the time, instead we started off as a crier and a helper.  @PERSON3 and I first met in the eighth grade. I had just gotten called out of my first period class and greeted by my math teacher @PERSON1. @PERSON1 told me that we had just gotten a new student that moved here from @LOCATION1 and wasn't exactly happy about it. She also asked me if I wouldn't mind showing her around the school with another classmate, @PERSON4, I agreed and walked into the room @PERSON3 was in. When I saw her the first thing I noticed was her eyes, as the tears went down her face. Then I realized she was a very pretty girl who, like @PERSON1 said wasn't happy. I will admit i was a little scared to try and show her around seeing as she wasn't happy at all to be here. But once we got started she had calmed down immensely, but she still wouldn't even crack a smile at our feeble tempts to make jokes. I still felt like she should be happy and broke out the big guns. So I walked differently and talked in a funny voice, I even started saying random funny things in long pauses. Eventually she smiled, so I kept going. Toward the end I got her and @PERSON4 to laugh so hard we all almost wet ourselves. But as funny as it was for us, it definitely wasn't the last funny thing we did. You know the type of funny things that happen and no matter what, you always remember it when you see that person it happened with, right? Well to say the least @PERSON3 and I have a lot of those moments. Granted a lot of them happen with other people, but that's what makes it fun. Like this one time in our drawing and painting class we, @PERSON3, @LOCATION2, and @CAPS1 and I, were all in @PERSON2's little office getting a picture to draw. I had been hyper pretty much all day and so had @CAPS3 else. I randomly look around the room and see a really cute looking poster I hadn't noticed ever before and without realizing it I had said aloud, "@CAPS2, that's really cute." @CAPS3 started laughing and holding on to the desk to keep from falling to the ground. I still hadn't realized I said it aloud and was really confused but still laughing because watching them laugh was really entertaining. They finally calmed down long enough to say what I'd just said and I blushed but started laughing along. Now every time they see me and remember that moment they crack up laughing and they point to something and say it the way I said it. That's why I think that having the big memories of the really funny thing has kept us together. It helps us remember the fun times during the bad times. It also helps to keep our link strong throughout the group of our friends.  But the little things matter too. Every little thing we do together as friends helps us later. If we didn't do all the little funny things and only did either big funny things, or boring things, I don't think our friendship would last long. Like when we're talking and we accidentally burp or we fart while we walk. Or maybe when I laugh and I hide my face with my hands and my arms jiggle. Possibly even when we say something weird or walk funny because we really have to go to the bathroom. It's not just being friends that keeps us together it's how we are and who we become with that other person, I feel like I become a better person and I believe I help her become one too. Besides the little things are just as funny as the big things we do.  So as I've stated before laughter is a big part of a friendship. @PERSON3 and my friendship hadn't started in of laughter, it started in tears and grew to be laughter. Laughter had brought us together in an act of weirdness and it has stayed very strong ever since, not only because we had a lot in common, to be frank we don't really even have that much in common, it is because of the big hilarious moments we've shared not only together, but with other people and the little things we do on a daily basis that we find really funny. I do have to say laughter is probably the best thing to keep any relationship good and healthy.
