A @CAPS1 Laughter    @CAPS2 you hear a child laugh what do you think? Do you think peace and happyness or what do you think? @CAPS2 I hear a child laugh I think of my little sister. @CAPS2 were outside playing peter pan or inside playing doll's, she just brights up like a light and I can see her happyness. It's not just my sisters laugh that brings me joy it's everyones! I do think a @CAPS1 laugh is the most unique though! @CAPS2 you hear your child, niece, nephew, or grandchild laugh you should hear there happyness.    A laugh changes @CAPS2 you grow older. I remember hearing my sisters and brothers laugh at the simplest things @CAPS2 they were younger. But now they never do, now they laugh at sick and disgusting jokes and they laugh @CAPS2 someone gets teased. But thats not my case. I am the one who laughs @CAPS2 someone does something sill like on americas funiest home videos. But a child laughs @CAPS2 you make a funny face or @CAPS2 an animal does something funny. They laugh at the littlest things.     To me a smile is just a silent laugh. I remember hearing a saying "A smile is worth a thousand words" and I think that goes for laughter too! Even though there is no sound in a smile, there is sound waiting to come out of that person! I know for a fact that @CAPS2 I was younger I was abused and so @CAPS2 ever something good happened which was hardly ever but I had a huge smile on my face then some one would do something funny and I would try not to laugh but I only lasted like @NUM1 seconds, then I would start laughing so hard that I would start to cry!      Theres this one specific time that was the high light of my life. One day I was just hanging out with my sister linda and we were playing dolls. My dad had happened to walk in and he accidently stepped on one of the dolls. Linda started to cry cause the arm had been broken off. But @CAPS2 she started to cry my dad started hopping on one foot and held the other then he fell on his butt. I laughed so hard that afternoon! Then later that day he took me and linda to the store to each buy one new doll!     Again I @MONTH1 say that a @CAPS1 laughter is the most beautiful thing on earth! Just for some reason it heals the soul! You @MONTH1 start off on a bad day then you could come home at the end of the day and walk into your house to your child laughing. Then your day gets suddenly better! I wish I were a child again so i could rewind and make things so much better than @CAPS2 I was little!      I started off in a bad situation but now I am a smart intelegent young lady! Every laugh is unique in there own way cause every one is different. Just because you grow older doesn't mean your laugh does. But every laugh does change in some way I'm not sure how but it happens as you grow older! You laugh at different things and you laugh not as much as you used to!
