                             laughter      why do people have so much trouble trying to laugh?Is laughter a healthy thing you should have in your health chart?This are some questions you might    ask yourself.But when you do have you thought of yourself, and maby have you thought of how much you and your family laugh all together at the dinner table or maby the family room anywere as long as you hear laughter coming out of your mouth.It doesn't matter an what you laugh about, it can be one of your family members telling a joke or even a funny show or a funny commercial. it doesnt matter as long as you laugh.in my opinion laughter is an important part in your life.if you dont laugh then you must be a very seriouse person or you might even think that the world is a very boring place to be in.some how i cant really imagine a person never laughing in their life. Some examples of people that dont really laugh anymore is probably a person that lost someone close to them or that just doesnt have anybody to tell jokes with in my opinion you have to have someone to share stuff with or that will tell you jokes when your in a really bad mood.I always used to remember my mom telling my little brother an i to quiet sown whaen we would talk in the family table during dinner one day. One day i went to school and i went into health class it was weird because the teacher was talking about how we should share stuff in the dinner table and have some laughing moments. So when i got home a told my mother all about what the teacher had taught us during health class. She said ok and we tried it .It really was a good experience we were all laughing telling jokes all the time and since then we tell jokes in the family table. It really does give you some energy sometimes but at the same time if you laugh way too much your stomach will eventually start hurting.Like i told you in the first paragraph theres many different ways you can laugh for example if you watch a comody show i very good idea would be @PERSON1 that show always mekes me crack up sometimes my mom thinks im crazy. Or ever family @CAPS1 thats such a great show to watch wene your really in a bad mood. Another way to make someone laugh is telling jokes theres the knock knock shows and then theres the guess what i am jokes . but one way your really going to make somebody really laugh is tikling that always works theres no way you cant ever make someone laugh. Eather have someone always do it for you because i know that you cant do it to yourself that would be really weird or have a @CAPS2 see who laughs first contest.It wont always help you with your problems all the way but it will make you feel good for a little bit it will really make you forget about the bad things for a while. I heard tha t if you laugh alot suposlly you live longer so i think it does help you with your problems.
