Laughters importance in human life   In life there are many things that make a person happy but none come close to the joy of laughter. @CAPS1 and friends always come together and share a good laugh, it's why we get together, to have a great time with the ones we love and enjoy being around. My @CAPS1 every year gets together on thanksgiving and it is always one of my favorite times becuase when my @CAPS2 shows up he really knows how to make you laugh until you drop to the floor crying becuase you are laughing so hard. He has that sense of knowing how people work and he knows that a smile and a laugh could turn someones bad day into a fantastic day. @CAPS1 is the greatest thing someone could ask for and when every one is together it only makes the time sweeter, now add a laugh, a few smiles and you have yourself a great time! My @CAPS2 has so many jokes and corny lines that he can use to to try and make somebody laugh but its not just what he says that makes it so funny, it is the timeing in which he does it. I wish to learn from him and use his people skills to return the favor and help people have a better day just by sharing a good laugh and put a bit smile on there face becuase not only does it make them feel good but it also can make yourself feel better knowing that you just helped somebody else have a better day just by telling a small joke or saying something funny that got there attention enough, and you never know taht person could one day turn back and remember what you did for them and tell somebody else and then it's a domino affect. He/she will tell somebody about what happened it and they will make somebody else's day better just by a small and simple laugh.  Most friendships and relationships start with laughter because one of you had the confidence to break the ice with one another, sometimes thats all it takes to start a friendship that will last a lifetime. So every one can share a good laugh, it doesn't matter who you are or where you come from everybody is subject to a "hoot and a holler" every now and then. When I met now my best friend who is like a brother to me, it all started with a joke that brought a smile to both of our faces and an unforgetable laugh. From that day to now we are the best of friends that life could have handed us, so all it takes is for you to want to really go out and just be yourself and make somebody laugh.  Laughter is the greatest thing in life that people need to do every day to keep their spirits high and lively no matter the circumstances that your in. The military has to go to war and live in an hostile inviroment but they still find time to sit down as a unit and share a drink and luagh about something. It is in our blood to enjoy life so don't try to avoid people or the luaghter that wants to come out. When your having a terrible day the best thing to do is go to a buddies house and just hang out becuase the people that truely care about you will find a way to enliven your spirit and make you laugh which will bring a smile to your face and whole new start to the day, it's like a refreshment for your body. When i am having a bad day all i have to do is think about something that me and a friend did that was funny and it will bring either a smile across my face or laugh coming out and sometimes both. Laughter is the key to life becuase it can turn anything negative into a positive. When you go to a party with @CAPS1 or friends do you sit in the back and think about nothing, no you get up and have a great time with your friends and always end sharing a good laugh with somebody.  I believe with all my heart that laughter is not just the key to life but the key to the inside a person, it shows who they are becuase nobody can hide or shake the want to laugh at something funny, it's just not possible for somebody to do. Laughter comes from the heart and the soul inside a person and those two things alone are very powerful and when they want to sing and rejoice which comes out as laughter you can't deny the need. When two or more people are gathered the ability to create an enviroment where anyone can be themselves and enjoy the laugh not just fake it it what every person looks for so when someone said this, it is so true "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people".
