 Laughter can not only be a benefit to ourselves but to others as well. We only seem to use it whenever you feel the need to become happy, but in reality it shouldn't be the only reason why. Laughter is not only being able to feel better but to let out what you need to let out. Being able to enjoy yourself is pride and you should feel better about yourself. Whenever you laugh, how do you feel? Do you feel like the world is lifted off of your shoulders and you feel better about yourself? I don't mean you have to laugh so loud and so much that you fall off your chair and roll around but a simple chuckle would do the trick. Watch your favorite movie or go have fun with friends, as long as you are laughing you will and should feel better about yourself. That brings us to what happens around @CAPS2 family.  When I was younger I would go on trips with @CAPS2 family up to @LOCATION2. At the time I lived in @LOCATION1. Every @DATE1 we would cram anywhere from five to nine people in a van and be on our way. Having hardly any space of your own you would think it wouldn't be any fun. All in all we would have some fights about where to stop on the way from food or when to turn but nothing too serious. Being younger then everybody I was wildly bored. So to fix the problem I would make @CAPS2 family tell jokes, make funny faces, do something. Right when somebody would let out a joke or made a face, I would crack up laughing. Pure bliss and pure innocent. It didn't mean that they were funny or that they were even trying but to let up the intense shoulders, I would laugh. When we would get to where we were staying on @CAPS2 great grandparents land, we would cram yet another time, in a small area for our sleeping. Everybody would get a cot and would have to endure the warm daylight and the harsh cold bitter @TIME1. The cold nights were the ones that got to all of us the most, because @CAPS2 great grandparents had land meant that the place we were to stay at wasn't filtering heat. Sleeping bag and the clothes on your back were the only thing that we were able to get. So when the sun slipped slowly from shinning its bright light among us, we'd bundle up. Knowing me I did not listen to what @CAPS2 family sad and I would drink tons of water before I rest @CAPS2 head against the cot.  If you have common sense, which when I was younger did not. You would know that if you drink a lot before you go to bed and having the cold surround your body, you would have to use the restroom at some point during the @TIME1. Because @CAPS2 aunt was only @NUM1 years older then me, should would be the one that would have to wake up to walk me outside, down the driveway, to the porter potty, wait for me, then go back to sleep while trying to shake off the shivers that controlled her like the puppet master. Knowing @TIME1, she was not happy with @TIME1 situations, I'm sure nobody would be. The last time she took me, she made sure it was the last time she would get up to take me to the restroom.  The @TIME1 came that she had to take me. We started walking down the driveway. The wind was not like other nights, ripping every which way and piercing through @CAPS2 skin. Another odd thing about @TIME1 was instead of the dull tired face @CAPS2 aunt usually would have, she was awake, more the awake, she seemed to have a slight grin on her face. Since it was pitch dark she had the flash light with her. She opened the door to let me in and shinned the light down in the cracks so I would be able to see more clearly. Once I was done, I felt the shaking of the porter potty and heard in the voice of a monster the "@CAPS1 y was coming to get me, run, run run!" @CAPS2 blood rushed all over, warmth is what I remember feeling. Pushing the door open, screaming, running for @CAPS2 "safety" is what went through @CAPS2 mind. As I realized @CAPS2 aunt wasn't with me, I looked back. Only to find her laughing uncontrollably at what just happened. The meaning behind @TIME1 would be that you can just turn a bad situation into a good one if you rearrange the problem. You can turn it into a laughing matter instead of a dreaded time. @CAPS2 aunt making me do something she would think was funny would be a better sense for her and relieve her from whatever she thought she felt. Its a cause and effect placement. Causing me to panic effected her to be at more of an ease.
