 When I was in third grade my parents decided that we should move to where my @CAPS1 was born and raised and where my @CAPS2 lived. I, being a determined third grader, was angry and told them that I would not move and even sat on the floor and told them that I was not going. Needless to say I did not get very far, but I was still not happy about being moved from my friends and my @CAPS3's side of the family that I had been around since I was little. My friends were all I had known through my years in elementary school and I was no where near ready to say goodbye to them. It was very hard saying goodbye to them even though we came back and visited later on. We moved three hours away from my hometown. It was a pretty big move, especially for a ten year old who had never really been anywhere else.  Being a new student is never easy. Especially with a shy, quiet personality like mine is and the first day was a scary one. I remember it very vividly. I walked in with my @CAPS4 and my new teacher happened to be in the office at the time, so she took me down to the class and showed me around the school. I was still frightened and was upset that my parents were making me go through this huge change. When class started the teacher made me stand up in front of the class and tell them about myself. I have never been much of a public speaker and it is hard for me to believe that I actually did stand there and talk about myself. I can not even do that very well today, and I am way less shy then I was back then. It was very terrifying to say the least even more so when I was done speaking and the class sat in dead silence. Then I slowly walked to my seat and being the shy person I am, did not talk for the rest of the time until lunch.  At lunch a little girl with freckles and glasses, like myself, came and sat with me. Once she broke down my shy exterior we were laughing, playing and having a real good time. And for the first time that day I thought to myself that moving might turn out to be okay. Me and her became really good friends along with the other girls she hung out with. We sat next to each other in class, talked on the phone, had sleepovers and spent recess together everyday. She was the first best friend I had made when I moved and I was glad it was her and not someone else. Today I am very thankful to her for taking the time to get to know me when I at first was shy and not saying much, because I know how it feels to approach someone you do not know.  The laughter that we shared that first day at lunch and her willingness to break down my walls of shyness really brought us close together. Without her that first day I am unsure how the rest of that day or week would have gone. Without people like her who are willing to make a new friend it would have been a lonely first couple of days for me. Laughter is an important part of a relationship because it brings people closer together and shows that even if you do not know someone very well you still can have a good time. The rest of that day is a better memory because we shared laughter and became friends. It made moving to a new school less scary and helped me to find a place to fit in.
