 Laughter is a mystery. Happens @CAPS2 ever it pleases. It puts smiles on faces. Laughter just happens in many ways it can. Although, mine just happened to end up in a crazy situation with a huge mess to follow it. Things got extream, unforgettable. Things you could never forget.  Around two months ago, in the cold @DATE1. It was my @NUM1 birthday. I threw a little party for myself at my house. Though, I was in for a little treat. @CAPS2 everyone arrived they all had a smirk on their faces. Nobody would tell me whats going on. I started to become distraught about it all. Until my buddie @PERSON3 and my boyfriend @PERSON1 walked into the kitchen with a @NUM1 pound bucket full of spaghetti, with a ten pound gallon can of tomato sauce. Next thing I knew my mouth was agape. I couldn't believe my eyes, not understanding why so much of it. Also, why did they have it. My mother walked out and exclaimed "@CAPS1 up the cars, and let's go!" @CAPS2 we approached the @ORGANIZATION1, I had a funny feeling in the pit of my gut. I looked around and noticed my sister in law was holding a video camera. Right then and there I knew something was going to happen. Something big, extraordinary, out of the extream and I was right. Spaghetti was flying everywhere, getting in peoples hair, faces. Clothes were getting stained and messy. Not to mention it was cold,wet and rainy outside. The fog made it hard to see who u were hitting and who was throwing it at you. By the end of the noodle war, I looked the worse. Even now the shoes i was wearing are stained. @CAPS2 we got back to my house we had to wash down with the hose. I swore i was going to get sick from the cold water running down my face. I could feel noodles falling outta my hair and clothing, the sauce steaming down my face. Laughing here and laughing there. Everyone was laughing at others for how badly they were covered with noodles and sauce. Eventually, we all got hungry. We decided on nachos. So, my mom poured two family size nacho chips on the table followed by two ten gallon cans of nacho cheese with jalapenos, olvis. You @MONTH1 think the noodle and sauce was messy, well that's where I went wrong. My friend @CAPS3 dropped nachos on my couch. @PERSON3 threw nacho cheese at @LOCATION1, she threw chips at @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON3 tossed cheese at me and ended up on my dog. Let's just say my living room was a cheese fest. I couldn't believe that nacho cheese got stuck in my dogs fer and in all the girls hair. Chip crumbs were in the couch and cheese was on the floor and @CAPS4 tree. So @PERSON3 finally said"@CAPS5 more nachos!"  @CAPS6 on it was cake time. Ginger thought that there wasn't going to be another mess. Well once again she was wrong. They all started singing the happy birthday song, cameras were flashing, my mother in the background crying. She cries on our birthdays because she says its just a year closer to her kids moving out. I figured she would be use to it knowing that she already had two kids move out. All of a sudden there was frosting on my face! I rubbed the frosting off and smeared it on @PERSON1 face. Though he just rubbed it back onto mine. My mom grabbed a plate and threw it at @LOCATION2, she tossed it at @CAPS3 then @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON3 then @PERSON2. Chocolate frosting was everywhere along with nacho cheese. Soon after that we played video games. Of course me being me I played @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @NUM3 live on @CAPS10 @CAPS11. I got irritated with someone on the game and ended up throwing the controller at my television and broke it. Mother wasn't to pleased with me after that. Oh well, we still got to watch movies in the other room. Eventually people started leaving. Saying our goodbyes, ill see you @CAPS6, peace out dude. We said it all. I looked back in the living room and say nothing but huge mess of chips, nacho cheese, and cake. Not to mention my broken t.v. I got stuck cleaning the mess for over three hours. Though, we were laughing the entire time it happened. Having the greatest time ever with each other. If I could I would go back and do it all over again just for the fun and laughs. Laughter is everywhere. You @MONTH1 not see it right away. Though you will @CAPS2 you started laughing your brains out. Laughing puts everyone in good moods and smiles on there faces. It @MONTH1 also make a mess and put things in a crazy situation. You can't deny after them crazy situations that you would go back and do it again. Laughter is the greatest thing in this world we call @LOCATION3.
