 Laughter is a big part in my relationship. I feel so much more connected with a person if we laugh together. Laughing make's you feel great. You could be in a depression stage and either a friend or a family member could walk up to you and pacify you and make you laugh. If I had a relationship that had no laughter in it, I would leave that person as fast as I could. Some people think relationships are only about money and/or looks.People now and days don't last that long in a relationship. Back in the old days people would die together, and even in death they would have there graves right by each other. My boyfriends name is @PERSON1. We have been going out for four years now. He is a very funny, I love his jokes. Sometimes he doesn't even try to make a joke, but he does anyway. When we where first going out, I was throwing a birthday party and me, @PERSON1 and one of his friends went in the woods and hid from everyone else. When the others came to find us we jumped out and scared them. They where mad at us, but when night fall came we where all laughing about it together. My mom and dad don't really laugh together that much. They just go to @ORGANIZATION1 with each other and come home together. My dad loves to crack jokes now and then, but my mom is the kind of person who likes to laugh at the other people that gets hurt. My grandma is so funny. She try's to make people laugh and hurt them selves so she can get a kick out of it. All of my friends are funny. My best friend @LOCATION1 is the funniest girl I have ever known. She likes to dance funny and mock people that she doesn't like. When she works, she'll try to find something to make a joke out of, so she could bring it to me and almost make me pee my pants. @LOCATION1's relationship was very bad. She loves to laugh but her boyfriend hates making jokes. She tried to stick it out but things got worse and worse. The only thing he would do is sit on his bed or his couch and play video games, or watch wrestling. He would make @LOCATION1 clean his room and do the dishes. He has a one year old sister and he makes her watch her,clean her, and feed her while he was up in hie room playing video games. @LOCATION1 got so tired of it , so she packed her stuff and she left. She went to her sisters house. Now she has a funny boyfriend and they always laugh together. There can be a laughing relationship with animals as well as humans.Animals are the one thing that cant talk back or make fun of you. Animals are just like humans, but they cant talk and they have fur. My cat is the king of my house. His name is @CAPS1. He loves to follow me all over my house. I love to sit on the floor and watch him wrestle with all of the other cats.Every time I go into the kitchen he is always there with me, bagging for food. After he eats, he gets an erg of energy and runs all over the house. It makes me laugh. He will stop right in front of me and just stare at me, if I move then he will run away. Cats are cute but not all of them have the power to look into your soul like my cat. @CAPS1 has big eyes and his meow is so sweet and incessant. The funniest thing about him is how fat he is. He is a fat cat, but he is only one years old. So when I see him running all over the place it makes me laugh. My horse is the same way. His name is @CAPS2, and he is four years old. He is a crazy horse, but at the same time he is very funny. He try's to play with my other horses and get hurt because he bites them, so they kick him back. He has a blue eye, so I bought him for my purposes. Some people thinks horses are just a bill, but I think they are my family.
