Laughter is a important part of life. It is important in my life because it makes me happy. I am going to tell a true story about why laughter is so important to me and to my life. On days that I would be sad because of some stressful and unhappy things that were happening in my life at the moment. My friend @CAPS1 would come to my house to cheer me up. He would cheer me up by making me laugh, a lot. The main ways that he could make me laugh, when he would notice that I am sad were, tickling me randomly a lot, saying a funny joke or asking me a silly question and by making me play a video game or two, that I was very embarrassingly bad at. The first way he can get me to laugh is by tickling me. When he would come over we would just sit around and talk about random stuff that popped into our heads. He would notice me getting sad at some point and he would say that if I didn't cheer up he would tickle me so that I laughed to get cheered up. I wouldn't really cheer up so that he could make me laugh, to cheer me up. So, he would start to tickle me a lot. I am ticklish basically everywhere, so I would laugh hysterically and it was so much fun. After he would finally stop tickling me, I would still be laughing. If I were to get sad again, he would just keep on tickling me until he was sure that I was happy. I would get happy that day because of laughter.Another day that he was over just hanging out with me. I might not have been having that great of day. We would be watching a movie and eating pop corn or watching t.v., and he would notice that I wasn't really that happy. So, he would try and make me laugh to cheer me up. He would get me to laugh by saying some funny silly joke or asking me a weird random question. Little funny things like that will always make me laugh. Through out the day or while watching the movie. He would say something like it is so nice outside. When it really wasn't, he was just making me laugh. Or, something in the movie would happen and he would say how that would never be possible in real life. He would just get me to laugh to cheer me up. In addition to tickling me and saying something funny to make me laugh, he would also make me play a video game to get my mind off things. At his house one time he said that we should play some fun video games for something to do, because it would be rainy outside. At first he would show me how good he is at one of his favorite video games, likeAssassins @CAPS2. Then he would say that I should try to play it. I was not very good at it but it was fun. I am not used to the controls of an @CAPS3 @CAPS4 so I wouldn't know how to do some things, and he would make fun of me for it because it was actually supposed to be easy. When I couldn't do something I would laugh about it and give the controller to him because I couldn't do it and he could. That would make me laugh because I couldn't do something simple like run up a wall in the game, so, I would have to give it to him to do and that was funny to us. Being bad a video games is funny to me and it make me laugh. In turn that would make me happy which is important.In conclusion, by my friend @CAPS1 tickling me a lot, saying something weird and random, that is silly and funny or, by getting me to play video games that I was bad at and had to have him do it for me, would make me laugh. By him making me laugh, a lot, it made me very happy. Laughing is very important part of my life and this story. It is important because if I didn't laugh as much as he makes me, I would not be as happy. If I am not happy, that isn't a good thing. Because, being happy is a very important part of any life and relationship. Most of the ways I can get happy are by laughing. So, this story shows that laughing is very important part of my life. You could also say that is important in my relationship with @CAPS1. He make me laugh which makes me happy. That is very important to me.
