How Laughter @CAPS1 Laughter can be a huge help when going through difficult times. Like the time when my brother got ran over by a skid steer(tracked loader) at our farm. We didn't know how bad it was going to be @CAPS2 through our time of uncertainty our family was there to be with us and help us through and keep us from getting down. It was just another day on the farm and we were out running the machines. The day was going just fine until after dinner my mom had told me and my brother to go out and cut corn. "@CAPS2 mom" me and my brother said in unison. She wouldn't hear it and told us to hurry up and leave. So we went down to the shop and got the skid steer out. My brother, @PERSON1 still hadn't come down and so I started it and started driving towards the garden. I saw my brother coming from the corner of my eye. He was running as fast as he could and I yelled at him to stop and wait @CAPS2 he kept coming. He tried to jump on the front forks @CAPS2 missed and fell. I got out of the cab and saw him lying on the ground crying. My uncle was standing near by when it happened and he called the ambulance. We didn't know what was wrong with him @CAPS2 his leg looked a little funny so we looked closer and saw the bone sticking out of his leg. Finally when the ambulance came they looked him over and asked me some questions about what had happened. I told them all that i could and went back to the house. It was nerve racking to not know what was going to happen to his leg @CAPS2 we just hoped that it wouldn't be very serious. I spent the night at my grandparents house. I had a lot of trouble falling a sleep that night though. The next morning was @DATE1 so I had to go to school. I still didn't know a lot @CAPS2 i did know my brother's leg broke in a compound fracture. The whole school day my friends were helping me feel better by telling jokes and funny stuff and just keeping my mind off the accident. It was hard not knowing what was going on with him. Later that night we went to see him. We learned that he had just broken the big bone in his leg and that it had gone back together just fine. My mom stayed with him the whole time he was in the hospital so things around the house was a little bit different. Me, my dad, and sisters had to clean and take care of the house. It was a pain because I hate doing house work and having to do it all the time was vary boring. When my mom and brother finally got back after about a week things went somewhat back to normal.  My brother had to ware a thing on his leg that sucked the fluids out of the wound to help it heal faster. There was giant screws coming out of his leg that attached to a bar on the outside of his leg. He has healed up just fine though and has a giant scar where the bone came through his leg. It was very nice to have family and friends there to cheer us up and help us get through. And that is why laughter @CAPS1. 
