 Laughter is a part of life that doesn't need to be taught. We're all born with the ability to laugh. Laughter and being able to laugh has been with us since the beginning so we don't really think about how important laughing can be. It gives us a sense of relief, a feeling of joy, and it also brings people together despite barriers like background or language. I think one of the most important things laughter does for people is bring them together. When you meet with someone you haven't seen in a long time or you have to be in a group of people you don't know, a little laughter can break the ice and bring you closer. I want to tell of a time when I visited my family in @LOCATION2 who I hadn't seen since I was two years old.   My brother and I were the only ones visiting from our family. So we didn't get to have our mom there to make us feel comfortable, or introduce people. I was quite worried about being able to communicate with my family in @LOCATION2 because although I can understand and speak in @CAPS1, I'm not fluent. Being able to bond with the part of my family I never knew was very important to me and I was afraid that language would prevent that. I was also concerned for my brother because he can't speak @CAPS1 very well at all. While on the plane I contemplated how I should introduce myself, topics to talk about, and prepare answers for certain questions. I didn't want the language barrier to cause an awkward atmosphere.   Finally it was time to arrive in @LOCATION2. We landed in @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2 where a lot of my relatives live. My brother and I collected our baggage and went to go look for our uncles and aunts. We saw them waiting for us and @CAPS3 waved enthusiastically. Then naturally we responded with the same enthusiastic feeling. As we met them for the first time we exchanged hugs and phrases like "I'm happy to meet you." @CAPS3 were very kind to us and welcoming, but it still didn't feel like I was meeting my family. Things were very different and new for us. It was a lot to take in for two people experiencing jet lag.   The first night, we stayed at our oldest uncle and aunt's house. We had dinner together and talked about how our family is doing back in @LOCATION1. It was pretty awkward. Communicating with elder relatives who can't speak @CAPS4 was a lot harder then I had thought. The first night passed as I slept in the uncomfortable humidity. The next morning our uncle and aunt had planned for us to have dinner with our cousins and other uncle and aunt. I was excited to meet more of my family so soon, but until then we had to pass the time exploring our new surroundings. My brother and I checked out the house and walked up and down the streets. Immediately we could see the differences from what we were used to. We had a lot of fun embracing the fact that we were in a different country we have been familiar with, but never really known.   At last it was time to meet up for dinner with our other relatives. We drove into the downtown area of @ORGANIZATION1 and met up in a restaurant that overlooked the ocean, as @ORGANIZATION1 is right on the coast. I related to my cousins more because @CAPS3 were younger, in @CAPS3're mid twenty, and generally I can get along easier with young people. We gathered in the noisy restaurant and were seated in an area sectioned off for more privacy. As we were ordering our food and admiring the scenery from the window, I felt more at ease. Our food came and we started to eat. While we were eating, my cousin started cracking jokes which made everyone laugh. My brother and I were laughing so hard we teared up. During the whole dinner there was laughter and smiles. At that time I really began to feel like @CAPS3 were my family. I was really thankful for my cousin who started the laughter, because with out all the laughing I don't think we would have bonded so quickly.That was the time I felt that laughter is very important and brought me closer with the people I love.
