 What is one of the most important parts of a relationship? Laughter would be one of the most important part of a relationship in my mind. Such as my relationship with @PERSON1, and @ORGANIZATION1. We are always laughing almost every moment we are together someones is always making a joke. But when we are all together cheering is the funniest for example when our varsity cheer squad went to @LOCATION2. We got locked out of our bus then we got kick out of a @ORGANIZATION2. Last but not lest we had the funniest @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, that night we will never be forgotten. When we first arrived at @LOCATION2 our couch left the keys on the bus after we locked it all up. One of the girls noticed when she went out to get her ipod. We all tried to think of some ways out of this. We first tried to put @PERSON1 through the window. But that unfortunately did not work so well because we could not get any of the windows open. Our couch had to call someone to bring us another set of keys.  After the game our cheer squad went to @ORGANIZATION2. Because before the game she promised we could go to get some cookie dough if we were good and didn't complain about having to sit on the stands and cheer. When pulled up to @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 and I ran out of the bus screaming as loud as we could. One of the people who worked at @ORGANIZATION2 said that we could not run in the building. We followed the rules and started doing cartwheels and round offs down the halls instead. We got stopped again and they didn't mean do cartwheels or round offs down the halls either. as we were walking around to find the music box we stumbled onto a baby stroller so we took turns pushing each other in it. Turns out that's not allowed in @ORGANIZATION2 either. We got sent back to our coach. Unfortunate for us we stumbled on to another interesting thing it was a short little dresses on a clothing rack. @PERSON1 and I put them over our cheer uniforms. As @PERSON1 was about to take a picture a girl who worked there came up behind us. @PERSON1 the good friend she is ran off with out telling us. @PERSON1 decides to take the picture instead, after the lady saw what we were doing we got kicked out.  The last crazy event of the night was the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. For thous of you who don't know what that is it is simply when a bus stops at a stop light and everyone besides the driver of course gets out and runs around the bus like crazy people. We were just about to leave @LOCATION1 when the light turns red. I was standing by the door waiting for a light to turn red. i had to beg our couch to let us out as soon as she opened the door I ran out as fast as I could. Sadly the the road was all muddy which caused me to fall straight onto my butt. Two other people were behind me and they helped me up and then we ran around the bus. But the light turned green as soon as I rounded the corner. The people behind us were passing and we were getting honked at and not in the good way either. Honestly no body cared we were having so much fun to even think about the other people. As @CAPS7 another girl from the squad rounded the corner she fell straight onto her face. Then when everyone was back on the bus the light turned red again. we waited on the bus for it to turn green. @CAPS7 and I were covered in mud. Everyone one was taking the mud off of @CAPS7 and I then put it on them self's. But since everybody was rubbing the mud it just got really dry and uncomfortable.  In conclusion laughter is an important part of a relationship. With out it our squad wouldn't have half the funny memories we do. That night was just one of the most funniest all of the things that happened that night were just so humorous. Including getting locked out of the bus, getting kicked out of @ORGANIZATION2, and the best of all the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. That night will never be forgotten by me or any of the other people that were there.
