 My grandfather always used to say, "life is like a kaleidoscope, you can keep turning and turning and it @MONTH1 seem like it is changing, @CAPS1 really it's just repeating itself." @CAPS1 i have always wondered if the statement really applies to life, and if it does why would we want life to continue in the same pattern, if it isn't going like we had planned.  When i was twelve me and my two little sisters were split up and three thousand miles were crammed in between us. i was put here in @LOCATION2 while they remained in @LOCATION1, where i was born. At first the pain of those three thousand miles was devastating. it was like i had two of my essential organs removed from my body. Eventually though time passed and the agony lessened @CAPS2 grip on our lives. It @MONTH1 seem cruel @CAPS1 most of the time now the thought of them doesn't cross my mind. maybe @CAPS2 true what they say, "out of sight, out of mind."  @CAPS2 sad to think of how close my sisters and I were before the change. we did everything together. we are very close in age, the youngest and I are only @NUM1 years apart. i remember all the times we would spend outside on humid @DATE1 days. We would look as white as ghosts because of all the sunscreen my mother would generously apply to our skin. Times were different then, they were happy, i was happy. If i think really hard I can see us sitting on the shag carpet in my room, playing with dolls until the sunlight melted slowly into darkness. If only i could have that moment again even for a second, then maybe i could feel that happy content feeling once again.   Although much time has passed since our separation i still have those days when i feel that my world is caving in around me because they are so far away. I'll give them a call and the questions are always uncomfortable at first, like between strangers meeting for the first time. i can feel the three thousand mile scab on my heart reopen and it bleeds as though i am leaving all over again. I ask myself why do i bother to call if it hurts this bad? And then i hear it, like the beautiful sound of classical music to my ears, I hear them laugh. I have that feeling i needed all of a sudden, i am happy. With every small giggle my smile grows because i know i have made them feel whole again and for a second i have let them forget about for far i really am. Their laughter makes those three thousand miles evaporate into the air. In those moments of laughter i know that we are close again that we are sisters, not strangers. It's true what my grandfather says, because no matter how my life changes i will always have that feeling of total bliss when i hear the sweet laughs of my little sisters.
