 When I was young me and my friends would play at @CAPS1 @CAPS2. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 was a @CAPS2 in the middle of a orchard, there was a slide, diving bored, and two rope swings. All @DATE1 long we would sit, play, swim, and laugh down at the @CAPS2. We would have are @CAPS4 day party, and calibrate the @CAPS5 of @DATE2 down at the @CAPS2. There is one day I can remember so well that its like it was yesterday. The last day of school had just ended, my friends and I got on the bus as fast as we could. When the bus stopped at the @CAPS2 we all started running and striping down to are swim trunks. I was the first one in, as a result I was the first one to relies the water was as cold as the river, it felt like a thousand little nettles stabbing me over and over again. My friends described me as a bouncy ball because I got out as fast as I got in. As soon as my friends saw my blue lips the all started laughing so hard that some of them fell in to the freezing water themselves. After that we walked you to @CAPS1 house and asked him to turn on the generator, after about an hour the lake was warm enough to swim in. After a we all had swam around for a bit we decided to go of the rope swing. After a while we started doing back flips, when we stopped are backs and chests were as red as the apples in the orchard, and are throats hurt from laughter. As well as being sore from hitting the water over and over again, we were also hungry so we fired up the grill and started making burgers. When the first and second batches resembled a mound of coal, we decided to order pizza. We spent the time by air soft, when the pizza arrived the lake had thousands of air soft @CAPS7's floating in it. As we ate we sat on the small dock and stuck are legs in and collected what ever @CAPS7's came near. Soon after eating we started playing hide and seek in the orchard. After ten or so rounds we were all scraped up by running throw the trees, so of course we pored soda on are cuts, to this day I still wonder why we did that because it really hurt. Once we were done being stupid we laughed at are self's, then we laughed at each other. It wasn't long before we played swimming base ball, the bases were the corners of the docks and the pitcher was on the floating plat form. we used floating balls and swam from base to base. Eventually the sun started to set and we made a fire by the side of the @CAPS2 and roasted marshmallows over it. When are @CAPS9 came to get us we were in the middle of a belly-flop contest. Before we left we promised that we would never forget that day, and that we would be friends forever and laughter would always be the glue. That night I stayed up all night thinking of all the fun and all the laughs we had that day, it was definitely the start of one of the best and one of the most memorable summers of my life.
