 Laughter is the best medicine for a friend in pain. My friend @CAPS1 and I were best friends, he came to my house every weekend. So while I waited for him I decided to ride my bike. I road around the block a couple of times, when I hit a curb and crashed. My handle bar hit me in the lower rib cage. My mom took my to the doctors office to see if I broke a rib. The doctor said I had only bruised it.  On the way home I was in so much pain, my mom made a stop for some ice cream, that didn't help. When we got home I just lade on the couch for a while. I heard knocking, it was @CAPS1. The first thing he did was asked what happened, I said I didn't wont to talk about it rite now. We ate diner then played a game. Then we watched some movies eventually we both fell asleep.  We woke to the smell of bacon. I was still a little asleep, by the time I realized that I had woke up @CAPS1 was down stars. I was in so much pain I couldn't get up. So I just lade there for a short while. @CAPS1 came back up the stares to see why I didn't get up. He seen me just laying there. We just started to laugh, I noticed that i felt a little better but I didn't think much of it. After we ate we turned on the @NUM1, my mom said for every one to clean but @CAPS1 and I could play, cause I was hurt and @CAPS1 was a guest. We play mortal combat @NUM2, @CAPS6 and @PERSON1, and @CAPS7 and @ORGANIZATION1. I won most of the time, tell he started to cheat, but it was still pretty fun.  When we were done we watched a funny movie, we laugh so much, that when it was I almost for got about my rib cage. We went to the park to shoot some hoops. As soon as he shot it then it bounced off the rim and hit him in the face, I thought that was funny, he didn't seem to think so. When we got bored we headed down to the market to get a snack. When we were eating I told him what happened with my bike, he ask if it made a visible mark, we look and seen it look just liked a smile face, it was funny but creepy. When we got home, he said that he wanted to ride bikes. At first I was a little scared, but nothing big. We rode around my yard for while. His mom got their shortly after. Then I went inside and just sat there. My mom asked how i felt, but it didn't hurt any more. I got better because laughter is the best medicine.
