 Everybody knows that long car rides can be both physically, and mentally exhausting. Picture a family of four : a mother, a father, and two daughters in @CAPS1. The father is behind the wheel, the mother is in the passenger seat, the older sister is on the left side of the back seat, and the younger sister on the right side. The sun is rising, and you're still on the road. The father is tired, after driving all night. The mother just woke up, yawning, and is wondering how much further until the destination. The sisters are looking out of their windows with extremely bored expressions. Even with cups of coffee, and loud music the atmosphere is still lifeless, extremely dull. What could possibly bring up this lifeless atmosphere? My guess, a form of entertainment. As a young child, I was always on the road. Moving from place to place, because of my father's work. At the time, we were living in a state known for it's snow. @ORGANIZATION1. Wonderful wildlife, breathtaking views, and beautiful landscapes, untouched by man. During the long winter months, the snow covered the ground, like a blanket on a bed. You could wake up in the morning with two new feet of snow. Although, despite living in a cold, isolated state, the summers were extremely hot. A total twist to someone unfamiliar with @ORGANIZATION1's weather. This was around a decade ago, so the enviroment might've changed, but nevertheless, it is still a breathtaking, beautiful state. After coming home from school on a cool @DATE1 day, my mother told me to start packing my room. I knew we were due to leave that @DATE1, but I was still hesitant on leaving my friends. Every time that we moved, I had to say a heart breaking goodbye to the friends I knew for the few years I lived there. I went to my room and started to pack for a long, long trip. My father came to me and told me we are moving by car. He asked my sister and I to go with him so he could pick up the uHaul. We went to check out the sizes, and the condition it was in. As usual, the trucks weren't in the best of condition for moving over a long distance, but it's better than nothing. My father drove it back home, with my sister and I, and my father started to put the packed boxes in the truck. My mother, my sister and I finished packing the rest of the boxes. The boxes with valuable, and mandatory items were stuffed in my mom's @CAPS1, along with our cats in their cages. After getting everything packed, and loaded, the hired uHaul employees drove the uHaul away to our new destination, @LOCATION2. Everyone had mixed emotions about leaving. My mother loved her neighbours, my father had some amazing coworkers, my sister and I made some spectaular friends, but we had to say our goodbyes to our friends. It's not the first time, and it's not the last time, but every time it still hurts. The times we spent together, will always being in our memories! Off we go! To our new temporary home. Driving from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2. The only thing that I didn't like, was that we had to be in @LOCATION2 in less than a week. A week to drive that long way? Less stops, more driving, and no fun, or sight seeing... a total drag!! It was really chatty and energetic in the beginning, but everyone soon got sick of being on the road. My sister's body didn't handle it well in the beginning, and neither did mine. Half way to @LOCATION2, all conversations stopped. The atmosphere started to fade, and so did the excitement. There was absolutely nothing to do in such a small area. I wanted to try to make the rest of the drive fun, so I started to sing in my tone deaf way. Since I was so young, my voice cracked midway through the song we were listening to, which caused in uproar of laughter! My mother started to say that I was simply adorable, and my father started to mock me. My sister started to sing, too, and before you knew it, everyone was singing along! Spirits were high, and everyone was having fun singing, and laughing. We started being more active after that, too! The rest of the trip down south was full of energy, and both time and distance passed quickly. It's always fun to spend time with family, but it'll be even better if you spend the time in a fun, exciting way! Make things fun, keep a positive, enjoyable outlook on everything!
