 As people have bonded over the years, those bonds have been streanthend by laughter, joy, and trust. All of these are imporntant but they all work together to build these bonds. For normal people to enjoy one another they must have fun and fun begins with laughter. Laughter comes from the brain and if two people think in the same thing as being funny, it brings them together with their similar intrests.  By telling a funny joke or being a person who always ends up with a smile on his or her face, brings people around more easily. Since I was young I've always been a real happy kid and one who is easy to be around. I believe I am like this because my parents have always told me, "People that are happy are the ones people want to be." @CAPS1 by being a seemingly happy person it has given me the friends I have. Although I have never really understood what it ment because it could mean many differant things.  When ever I'm with my friends, looking back on it now, we are always laughing or joking about something. We could be laughing about ourselfs, or we could be laughing at a random person on the street. We could be doing absloutley nothing and be laughing at something stupid, but still be having good times. It @MONTH1 be starting an argument that is funny to us. If someone starts saying stupid stuff, then one of us will jump on the chance to make him sound as stupid as possiable. Most of the time we wont get butt hurt about it, but alot of the time we will take it to far. With all the laughter we have shared before it keeps us friends. Stupidity and pain are probly the top two reasons why we laugh. Stupidity would be if some one says something that doesn't make sence or came in at the wrong time. I have never under stood why we laugh at pain, maybe it is because we are glad that it is not us in pain,although sometimes it is, but maybe it is because we know that they will get over it. When someone is hurt badly, and another person is laughing about it alot of the time I will see them get angry because they are being made fun of for their pain. They need to just realize that it is funny for people to get hurt and know that they laugh at it too. Laughter will always bring people to relationships. It show common intreasts and what people can tolerate from others. Laughter is the main component to bringing happiness into peoples life, with out happieness and laughter this world would be supper boring.
