 Everyone knows that when it comes to coach @PERSON2 sr. theres always going to be a bunch of laughs, giggles, jokes, and pranks. If you dont experience any of the above, then you are absolutely lame. It all started when my lovely sister @PERSON3 decided to make it to @CAPS1 in @LOCATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, of course she wasn't going to want to go alone. That is why she brought @PERSON1, @PERSON4, and me. We promised to eachother that we were going to make the best of memories. Nothing in the world is better than sharing emotions with those who care for eachother. We had arrived in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 on a lovely morning, we were all a little tired, but for the most part we were all hungry for sure, that is why coach took us to @ORGANIZATION1 so that we could buy some snacks. He, of course, ran straight to the @CAPS2.Pepper That old man always had to have one of those with him no matter what. Being a cross country coach and all, he wasn't a very good influence over his athletes. Anyway, if you are a @LOCATION3 fan you either know, or should know that he never liked when people touched his stuff, especially his @CAPS2.Pepper! oh man, god forbid you touch his pop. So seeing @PERSON2 all jittery and bouncy walking down the aisle gave us girls a wonderful idea, we were going to take his @CAPS2. Pepper, and drink it! ok maybe not drink it, but we were for sure going to take the pop from the old man. It's like stealing candy from a baby. We arrived at the hotel and coach told us to upack our stuffso that we could tour the place a bit. So while coach was getting our room keys, we decided that we were going to do a little unpacking for him as well. @PERSON1 and I took all of his @CAPS2.Peppers and stuffed them in our bag and acted like nothing ever happened. We got our keys and he told us that he would stay down and unpack the rest of the things, we didnt want him to do that because he would then realize that we had took his pop, so we immedietly ran to the rooms and threw everything on the floor so that we could come back and make him forget about unpacking and we would go straight to exoeriencing another one of those @LOCATION3 tours. It wasn't 'till the night time that we arrived back to the hotel and @PERSON2 hadn't said a single word about his @CAPS2.Peppers. We thought we were the coolest people ever! it was already late so we had no other choice but to head up to our rooms and stay there. We all thought that was kind of lame because none of us girls we tired, not even @PERSON3, and she raced in the morning. She was the rebel one out of all of us by the way. Tme passed and we were all still awake, we were absolutely bored and had nothing to do, so we decided that we would unpack @PERSON2's pop. We starred them down as if they were some prized possesion or something. We thought about drinking them, but that would have been bad. We couldn't leave our room or start a rave, therefore, we just decided to hit the sheets and get some shut eye because the morning was going to be big for us girls and coach. It was the morning that the second biggest race of @PERSON3's life was going to take place, and ... we were still in bed! of course @PERSON2 got up before everyone. We were awakened by a loud knock, we figured it would be @PERSON2 because who else would it be. We opened the door and big old bald man was standing there and said " i'm only going to say this once". I need my @CAPS2.Pepper. It was so funny we acted like we didn't know what he was talking about. We found it hilarious because old bald man was turning beet red, apparently he didn't find it funny. We kind of sorta in a way found that out when he pulled the @PERSON3 not racing card, we were terrified for our lives!, especially @PERSON3, since she was the one that was going to be racing. We played the dumb people for about five minutes until he actually was being serious, then we decided to play the nice guys. Yes, we gave him back his @CAPS2.Pepper. We learned a very valuable lesson that day, "messing with @PERSON2 is like messing with a pig, you're both going to get messy, but the pig likes it"
