 @CAPS1 is laughter important? In my opinion, laughter is very important! How could laughter affect someones life? If there was any, or not? Also, @CAPS1 is laughter important to me? Laughter is important for so many reasons. In a relationship, every day life, and with the ones you have in your life. How would the world be if there wasn't any laughter in this world? It would be very dry and dull. It helps connect people together, if they have the same sense of humor. Having a good sense of humor is very important these days. A lot of people use sarcasm which isn't "laughter" but to some people it could be or some could feel hurt by it. However, most people that feel hurt by it,don't have a sense of humor in any way, shape or form. Most people have heard the saying, "it takes more muscles to frown then smile," that is a very true and factual fact! Having a glorious relationship is the best thing with my significant other. The affectionate that he can be by sharing our laughter together, brings us closer to a point where we couldn't be at all if there wasn't for laughter and communication. Having a a sense of humor is a important thing in a relationship, to most people. @CAPS1 would you want to be with someone who bores you? Who @CAPS2't make you laugh when your sad? I sure wouldn't want that. Laughter brings out great communication skills, by laughing with someone it shows your type of opinion on the subject you are talking about. In a relationship, could you imagine if there wasn't no laughter in it? Would you feel the same about the person your with if there isn't any laughter? How would you feel knowing the person you love isn't very "humorous" and @CAPS2't like to laugh often? I couldn't handle that. I would want to love someone who is very funny with a great sense of humor.  Laughter is important to me for so many reasons. I would rather be around very ecstatic people then someone who brings me down! I consider, laughter to be one of the most important things in my life, and in my relationship with my significant other. It brings us closer. People ask, " @CAPS2't it ever get old being happy all the time?" "Of course not!" I would say in defense. @CAPS1 would someone think that way? Being in a phenomenal mood all the time, would be the most amazing place I would want to be in my life and with my partner.  In my opinion, I would think that almost everyone would feel close to what I'm saying. However, people have their own opinions about laughter and how and @CAPS1 it's important, there are titled to their opinion. I know a few people, that don't like to be in a very cheery mood, that would prefer to be sad all the time and not care. Laughter could raise you up from that!
