 I agree when people say laughter is what mostly brings people together. In my opinion, @NUM1 of the time your talking to someone, laughter is needed. It is what brings the dullness out of a person, and makes the conversation interesting. Only when you are talking about something serious, you dont need to include laughter, but ill explain later. So I can easily tell a true story about laughter from my life. Right now i have a perfect group of friends. Sure there are times when they mess up and act like kids, but i feel like i need to forgive and remember that they are there when i need them. Anyways, i can remember the first time i met each one of them, and the one thing that started our friendship was a joke. I can't exactly remember which joke we shared, but i do remember that we all had the same taste in comedy. And once we saw that neither of us were serious and dull people, made us want to spend more time with eachother. That is why laughter builds a string between different people, and brings them closer together day by day. So as time passed, my friends and i were really drawn to eachother. What i mean is that, from time to time, we were happy to express our friendship through jokes. Sometimes the jokes are really stupid. Many of them have caused pain - physically, and have caused us to bring revenge on eachother. But that is just how, we stay close to eachother. Day by day, when we see something funny on the television, internet, or real life, we always show it to eachother, and know that after showing this prank, or whatever it is, the other person will find it very funny. It makes us feel closer, and know we all have a same taste in atleast one field. I can give one clear example of this: I was watching a comedy once, and the comedian was talking about his childhood, and a prank he once played on a strangers house. Right when i saw this video, i knew right away, my friends had to see this, because i knew from past experiences, that they enjoy these types of laughs. And i was right, as soon as they saw the show, they were amazed at how funny it was, and they were glad i shared it with them, we got closer than ever. I want to share one more example from my life, about laughter bringing two people closer. So after telling you that laughter gets me closer with friends, i also want to point out that laughter brings out a sence of outline when if you talk to girls - or boys, if you're a female. So i met this one girl, and everytime i talked to her, everytime i had to throw in a joke or a story that would make sence to our subject. After a while, she started joking around, and making stories too. She told me that she saw me as a different guy, comparing me to other people. She said that she meant i wasnt a boring type of person, and that it kept her wanting to keep talking to me. I always hoped not to be a dull person, and jokes made that not happen. Now, me and this girl are closer than ever, and the root that started this relationship was laughter. So as you see, laughter makes any relationship happy and open. Of course im talking about the relationships that are playful, i meant there are people out there that take everything serious, and can't take a joke. But i would really encourage you to take laughter in your life, if you already havent. Look in my life, i used laughter, and gained a lot of friends, of all sorts - just by joking around about something stupid. You don't have to say stupid things, but I say it would really make your life more interesting if you use laughter.
