 Laughter is a natural reaction every human being has when they are either happy or have heard or seen something that is funny to them. It is healthy to be happy other than sad or mad. Laughter is pretty much a sign of happiness, as crying is of sadness. It is just another natural emotion any person is born with. I agree to the quote someone once said about laughter being the closest distance between two people because, if two people get along, they will have many moments in life together where they are happy. It is easy to get along with people who have a good sense of humor as for they won't take everything personally and can understand a joke. Its always good to have a sense of humor because its something everyone appreciates, also, that way people can see that you like to have fun when you know you don't have to be serious. When your with a group of friends that you get along with very well, one of the main things you will hear is laughter. It shows that you get along and that your having a good time.  Of course there are times when its better not to laugh, or when people laugh for no reason, which often gets annoying. Yes laughing means your happy, but when its not needed and is used just to cause noise, it is better to be quiet than annoy everyone around you. In my group of friends we are always laughing and joking around with each other, i like when people have a good sense of humor, i feel more relaxed and its easier to talk to them. Unless, that is, they take everything as a joke and never take anything seriously. Even though it is natural, you have to know when you can and cant laugh. Its a way to show happiness, but in certain situations, it can be disrespectful or rude.  Sometimes when I'm with my friends, they @MONTH1 joke around about a certain person, and once it happened like this;at my friends birthday party, we all went to a bowling alley and as always, were all standing around talking and having a good time. While we were talking, @PERSON3 and @PERSON4 were joking around about something so we all started listening to their conversation. They were joking around about something and then @PERSON3 said something as to turn him down in some way, ask a joke, and @PERSON4 said that hes going to get his heart broken. Right after that was said, @ORGANIZATION1 pitched in, adding again. So it turned out to sound like @PERSON4 was going to have his heart broken again. As everyone laughed at it, @PERSON4 looked at @ORGANIZATION1 with a hurt expression and was the only one not laughing. You see, @PERSON4 had a girlfriend that broke up with him about two months ago, @ORGANIZATION1 forgot about that and didn't mean anything when she added "again". She meant it as a joke but it turned out to sound very mean. In this case, the laughter caused by @ORGANIZATION1 was meant for @PERSON4, who was hurt by @ORGANIZATION1's comment. Good thing @ORGANIZATION1 noticed and remembered about @PERSON4's ex later that day. She ended up apologizing for saying something she should have thought through more carefully before saying.  How a person takes it when people laugh at them, has a lot to do with friendship. One time, my friends were driving to a party, or home from a party and were listening to music in the car, one of the guys in the car was singing his heard out to a song by @PERSON1. At one point, while he was singing, his best friend suddenly turned down the volume so everyone in the car heard @PERSON2 sing really loud, with no music. Everyone started laughing because @PERSON2 didn't know that @CAPS1 would turn off the music in the middle of something. Even though it was kind of embarrassing, @PERSON2 laughed along because it was pretty funny. If @PERSON2 and @CAPS1 weren't such good friends, i think for sure @PERSON2 would have gotten mad at @CAPS1 for doing such a thing to him while there where other people in the car aside from just them two. Friends understand each others sense of humor, and know when doing something is going to far, or when the other person will think it's funny too and will laugh along. So as you see, laughter can be happy, thankful, annoying, and or mean, you just have to know when it's okay to do, and when it is better not to laugh. Even though it's a natural reaction, it is one that can be controlled and thought about before doing. Next time someone says something that's funny, first think about if it can be insulting to someone before laughing at it and hurting someone. Otherwise, enjoy life and be happy.
