                                                         Laughter and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Laughter is the key component in anything in life. @CAPS2 is able to turn any sad moment good and any great moment even greater. Here is an example in which laughter brought my boyfriend and I together. I had been crushing on the same guy, @PERSON1, for two months. I was way too nervous to speak to him. One day my friends and I were walking down the hall where he happened to be. When i saw him I tried to turn around and walk the other way, but my friends pulled me back. They then told me they heard from a "little bird" he liked me too, so we continued to walk in his direction. We stopped walking right in front of him and my friends pushed me into him then ran off. I told him sorry as I turned bright red. My best friends had set me up. We stood there for five minutes in an awkward silence. All I did was stare into his beautiful blue eyes. All i could think about was how hot he looked in his black wrestling shirt and his faded blue jeans. He probably thought i was a freak. He had been leaning against the wall standing mostly on his right leg. Then when he went to switch to his left leg he let out the biggest fart i have ever heard. We started laughing. After we had settled down from laughing hysterically, we started talking. We ended up talking for two hours. A couple weeks had gone by and we had been talking more and more each day. Another week had flew by and we went to our first movie. I called @CAPS2 our first date. That night he asked me to be his girlfriend. I of course said yes. Ever since the day he farted I have thanked @CAPS5 for @CAPS2. I wouldn't have him as my boyfriend if @CAPS2 weren't for him braking the ice with his embarrassing moment. Most of all I thank my friends for shoving me into him that day. There could not have been a better way to meet a guy. This is just one example of laughter and how much @CAPS2 @CAPS3 change or affect a situation. Laughter is the medicines of all medicines. @CAPS2 is one of the most important tools a person @CAPS3 have.
