                                  Friendship and Laughter go @CAPS1 in @CAPS1 @CAPS3 best friend and I would spend hours sitting on her bed laughing at nothing. We could tell stories to each other that, to other people would just be stupid, but to us were hilarious. We would stay up all night long watching sad movies and laughing at each other when we caught each other crying. But that was all before the big fight. We have had fights before but none like this. I knew that the decision I would make would ruin our friendship, and take away all of our laughter, but I couldn't let her get away with what she had done. So i said goodbye. @CAPS3 best friends name is @CAPS4, we have known each other sense we were two and have been inseparable sense then. We love to hang out and be together. That was until the fight were I was told that she had been telling lies about a boy and I. I remember the hurt and how disappointing it was to hear that she would do that to me. But I didn't care enough to ask her about it, so I ended the friendship. It hurt but I had talked myself into believing that it was all true. But something didn't feel right, something told me that it wasn't her. But I didn't want to hear it. I ignored the feeling and just went on with life. It was one of the hardest things I have ever done in @CAPS3 life. School was a whole other story, it's really hard to stay mad at someone when you have the same friends and a couple classes together. It was like I had to keep reminding myself "your not friends anymore, you don't have to talk to her", like subconsciously i didn't want to end the friendship. I missed talking to her, so one day I said hello, after that we talked nonstop, it was like nothing had ever happened between us. Except there was one thing missing, the laughter. Sense then we have become closer, we hadn't talked about the fight, but it got to the point to where we could occasionally laugh or giggle at something one of us had said, but never the kind of the laughs that we used to share. I never thought that we would have been able to speak, nevertheless be friends again.  After a few weeks we both sighed up for a youth camp. During that camp I found out the truth. We talked about the whole ordeal and came to the agreement that the whole fight had been both of our faults. Mine because I didn't want to know the truth, and her's because she didn't try hard enough to show me the truth. During that talk we shed a few tears and for the first time in about four months actually laughed together. The tension between us broke and fell of our shoulders like a very heavy pack that we both had been carrying. We both apologized for our parts in everything and then went to dinner, and laughed throughout the meal. I realize now that I can't take laughter for granted, it's a very important piece of life and you laugh the most when you are with people you love. Sam and I are still working things out between us but we are on our way to being closer than ever. We laugh all the time and never have a dull moment, we have both decided to work very hard at not having another fight between us. We have both realized that there are two very important things in life and they are friendship and laughter inside of the friendship. I love @CAPS3 best friend very much and I love the laughter that we share together just as much, and I don't want to lose that again. So everyday I'm going to make sure that we laugh as much as possible and I'm never going to take our friendship for granted again.
