 My @CAPS1, my friend, and myself were driving down the road on our way to pick up a mutual friend for youth group that night. Our conversation was anything but special. We were mainly just telling stories of fun times that we had already had with our old friend, and looking forward to making some new ones together. She was such an amazing person. Always ready to crack a joke, make new friends, and have a good time. Her smile was cute, and she was bale to talk someone into doing anything.  As we pulled up to her house, we were thrilled to be able to see her again. It had been weeks since the last "play date", and we couldn't wait to be able to catch up with her. She walked out her front door and trotted to our car. The smile on her face was enough to tell us that the feeling, of being reunited, was mutual. Getting out of the car we received bear hugs from her. Times of fun we had had together were flashing in my minds eye, and I was hoping that there would be many more that I would be able to look back on one day. We all got in the car, pulled out of her neighborhood, and started down the road. I realized that we were going the wrong way. "@CAPS1, we have to go back the other way, don't we?" I asked. "@CAPS2, but the barrier in the middle of the road won't let me make a @CAPS3 turn until up the street a little ways."she said. "@CAPS4, is that even legal?" I asked, knowing the answer would be no. "@CAPS5, I don't really have a choice now do I @CAPS6?" I could hear the sarcasm in her voice. She could make her voice and appearance sound and look mean, but I knew that in reality, she was just messing around with me. The barrier dissipated, and she was getting ready to make the @CAPS3 turn. Cranking the wheel she was barely able to clear the end of the barrier, but was to late to be able to stop in time to clear the curb on the other side. She accidentally backed up onto the curb making those of us in the back seat jump, and sway, from the impact. My friends and I were all laughing, knowing that she was usually very careful, and had good driving skills. "@CAPS8 everybody," she said. Her body language showing that she was having fun, but that she truly was @CAPS8 for giving us a jolt like that. Our reply was pure laughter. "@CAPS5, I guess that's our fun for the month," she said, her eyes sparkling with joy about making us laugh. She was always very quick to make jokes about situations we were put in.  She pulled forward, the back fender scraping the curb again as we drove off it. Driving away, my friends and I were still laughing , replaying what had just happened to us in our minds eye. It was one of our fondest memories together. A continual joke that we can just mention, and burst into laughter because of it. "@CAPS10 for the ride @PERSON1," my friends said as we got out of the car. We walked into youth group, laughing, knowing that this would be one of the many memories that we would cherish forever. Bringing us closer than ever before.
