 I have a friend and her name is @PERSON1. I have known her since we were both in the fifth grade and in the same class. We have been friends for about five to six years now and it has been a great friendship. About two years ago for her fifteenth bithday party she invited a couple of her friends and I to spend the day over at her dads house in @LOCATION1. The plan was to hang out, have fun ,and pretty much do whatever we wanted to do because it was her birthday. There was a pool to swim in, and flatscreen television to watch movies, plenty of board games top go around, and quite a few people to have a conversation with. On the morning of @DATE1 we all loaded up the car around noon and made our way to her dads appartment in @LOCATION1. A short @NUM1 minutes later we had arrived at the appartment complex. We were all so excited to get the entire day to hang out, and have an amazing sleepover for @ORGANIZATION1's birthday. The second that the van had stopped all five of the people that were in the car including me unbuckled our seat belts as fast as we could and got up out of the seats to head to the house. Everybody had gotten there seatbelt unbuckled except for @CAPS4 friend @PERSON2. She had thought she heard, and felt the seatbelt button click to release it, but it never disengaged. While the seat belt was still on she attempted to jump up out of her seat but at the last second the seatbelt caught her by the waste and jerked her back down to her spot. She had layed there with her arms to her sides with her head all the way back against the head rest and moaned for a good ten seconds. This was one of the many events of laughter that had happened that day.  A good two hours had gone by and the five of us were chillin' out in the living room and talking about what to do next. @PERSON1 had suggested "@CAPS1 guys, we should all go to the pool for a couple of hours, swim, and tan." The rest of us were all for it concidering the fact that it was probably one hundred degrees outside, the weather was super sunny, and clear, and because it was @CAPS2 @PERSON1 birthday, and she should be able to do whatever she wants. Then after the conversation we all got our swim suites on, grabbed our towls, and whatever else we needed for the pool, and headed out the door. Little did we know but the blacktop outside was boiling! Of course we were all barefoot because we were just going to go jump in the pool anyways. We all then took one step out on the blacktop, and all you could here was screaming, and yelling. "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5! @CAPS4 feet are on fire!" @PERSON2 remarked. We had all agreed with her at that very moment of time. Since the blacktop was outrageously hot @PERSON2 started running for the grass that was about two hundred feet away. I would say thirty seconds later @PERSON2 had finally reached the grass and all we heard was. "@CAPS6!" all of us looked up at @LOCATION2. She was laying flat on her back because the sprinklers had been on recently and she didnt know so her feet flew right out in front of her and landed on her back. We all started laughing but running at the same time. I helped @PERSON2 get up off of the ground and then we all continued our journey to the pool. I think you can guess that something else funny happened with @PERSON2.
