 Someone once said laughter was the best medicine. To me it was like someone was saying "@CAPS1! Life isn't gonna get any better so just enjoy it while you @CAPS6!" @CAPS2 that's what I did for a while, but laughing at everything got old very quickly. Sad to say I still laugh at most things, even sad things. I laugh because I think that if I do then everything will just get better. That's not even close to what really happens. In fact it @CAPS6 only cause more pain and suffering in most cases. Like the time where I met this guy named @PERSON1. He was amazing. Most people who met him thought he was a god and when he heard people talking about him like that he would always get very upset. He was a human. Nothing more and nothing less. That's how I saw it and that's how he saw it too. When we first started talking to each other it was between notes I would give my friend @CAPS3 and @CAPS8 would give them to him. He was a very shy guy so he never wrote back on a piece of paper. Instead he had @CAPS3 tell me what he said. Then he finally got the idea to wright messages in her phone and then I would read them and answer back. it was fun for a while but I wanted to actually meet the guy. I had seen one of his rare pictures and it was true he was very handsome but nothing like a god. He didn't have a wreath over his head with one of those @CAPS5 god skirts. Nope, he was just an ordinary kid who dressed like a skater and was just a real inamorata. He had jet black hair (he dyed it), bright green eyes, and a smile that could shock the whole world.  Signs were going off in my head telling me to be careful but I never listened to them, they only made my life worse. So one day a few of my friends and I were in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3 with our teacher for a calligraphy convention when @PERSON2 (my friend) starts text messaging someone. I was a little curious so I asked in a friendly way who it was. @CAPS8 said it was @PERSON1 and my heart seemed to jump. "@CAPS6 you tell him I say hello?" "@CAPS7." @CAPS8 told him I said hello and he asked if I was really there and @PERSON2 said yes. That's when we actually got to talk to each other more than once a day. We talked all the way back to @LOCATION1. A few months went by and we were back to our old way of talking to each other. He was very kind and never did he have a bromidic moment. He told me about his family (which is a little strange, but I don't judge), his life, his future, what he felt and how he wished he could see me so he could give me a big hug (another of @CAPS3's friends said the same thing but @CAPS8 said he wasn't aloud to). I talked to him about all of it and it was like we understood each other a little bit. I told him about my life but there really wasn't much to tell since my life has always been bromidic. I thought we could actually make things work between us, that is until he moved to @LOCATION2. I was a little upset but it really didn't bother me except the fact that talking to each other became almost as rare as seeing a different picture of him.  While at school one morning @PERSON2 came over to me and had a careful gaze. I asked what was wrong and then @CAPS8 asked if anything could ruin my day. I told her that only going home would and we laughed a little about it. I knew something was wrong and that it had to do with @PERSON1 but I just acted oblivious to it hoping it would lessen the blow I knew was about to come. @CAPS8 said he had told her it wasn't going to work out between him and I. I sat there and like the idiot I was I said I knew it wasn't going to anyways, he was him and I was me. @CAPS8 said he was sorry and all these other excuses but I wouldn't listen. Instead I ignored it and went on with my life like I think everyone should. Of course a few months later he asked @PERSON2 out but I let it go just as @CAPS8 did when @CAPS8 said no to him and they stopped talking to each other. So who ever said laughter was the best medicine obviously hadn't experienced the after effects of it all. 
