 The word (laughter) @MONTH1 mean a smile or something nice that has happened to someone or even a thank you, but for many people it means the action or sound of laughing. For many people the felling they get inside when they laugh is the felling of happiness. The sense of felling good inside is the meaning that ones in while you have to be happy in life; have a balance in your life. For me the word (laughter) means being happy and the felling of doing something good in life. For instance when a couple get married they need a sense of laughter in there life's so they can enjoy their companies. It was @DATE1, @NUM1, @NUM2 early in the morning I was extremely exited to leave because that was the day I was going to go visit my grandmothers, grandfathers, aunts, uncle, and cousins that I had not seen for about eight years. I remember that morning I felt a sense of happiness and sadness at the same time.I was about to leave for two months in a half I was going to miss my family and friends, but at the same time I felt happy and exited to go. That morning we arrived at the air port; I was about to ride on my very first airplane. As I tried to find my seat through the big line of people that were finding their seats as well; I sat down and buckled my self into the seat and looked out the window and all over the place. My stomach was turning in circles round and round and I had the felling of a roller coaster about to take off really fast. The next thing I knew the plane was moving I got kinda of scared, but at the same time I was excited.  During the flight I felt a sense of laughter in my soul; the memories of a childhood in @LOCATION2 were turning my emotions into laughter and tears that made me fell good I had never felt. The idea of seeing all my family and friend was captivate to my hear and emotions. As we arrived at the @LOCATION1 airport; my emotions were turning in circles back and forth. We only had two more flights left to get to our destinations. I was getting tired and sleepy, my legs and arm's hurt so bad, they felt like if you were caring two big bags of potatoes on each side of my leg and arms . We decided go eat some place as we walked around to see what we could find to eat we found pizza huts. The next thing I knew was that we had only one hour our to the next flight, so we agreed to head to our next flight. As we arrived to the gate people were already going in through the hallway to get into the plane so we hurried. Three hours past buy and we had landed in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2 that was our destination. I felt a sense of laughter inside of me as we waited for our ride home; the feeling I got was as if someone had token something from me and gave it back. I started to cry at that moment, but at the same time I was laughing. We arrived that late afternoon to my grandparents house, as I looked at them I felt a happy inside, they were happy as well. we decided to spend the @TIME1 over at my grandparents house, that @TIME1 nobody had gone to sleep every one was to busy talking with each other and catching up. The next day every one was tired and sleepy, but they were all happy and full of laughter inside.  We had spent a mouth in a half with family members that I had not seen in a while we all felt happy and with a sense of laughter inside. Everyone had an incredible time catching up with family and friend. We did not get to do all the things we wanted to, but the best part was the time I has with my family and friends. The word laughter to me mean the best thing that has happens to you and makes you fell good inside, or even the memories you think about when you are alone and sad, those are the memories that will make you laugh and fell good about yourself. Other people @MONTH1 say that laughter is the felling you get when you laugh, but laughter is the best felling in the world when you are happy. In this part of my life laughter was an important element of my whole life and it still is a great part in my life. Over many generations people have used the benefits of laughter in their life's for instance many famous and non- famous people, important people or non- important. Many people say that when you are not happy you are going to die not knowing what happy is. People really enjoy those moments that they spend with a special someone.
