 Being with family and friends during a memorable trip always seems to spark a smile. There are always times to look back on; whether they are fond memories, or thoughts of nostalgia. I was about to graduate, and my parents had just broke the news to me that we were going on a trip to @LOCATION1 after the year was finished. We had the date set; @DATE1, right after school was over. The first reaction out of my mouth was filled with entreatment, wishing for my best friend to join us on this trip. My parents took the time and thoughtfully considered all the advantages and disadvantages, and rapidly responded in the affirmative. I was thrilled to know that the memories I was about to create with my closest family members were now to include my best friend.  First thing was first, I had to get down to business. I needed to call my friend, @PERSON1, and ask her if she'd like to come along. Selfishly assuming that her immediate response would be an exuberant "@CAPS1!," I was @CAPS4 first devastated when she postponed her response and didn'@CAPS6 seem too excited. I didn'@CAPS6 consider the fact that there @MONTH1 have been some sort of miscommunication. She talked it over with her mother, and gave me a call back. I had made the mistake of not telling her that we would have her financially covered for airfare, dining, and hotel rooms. We cleared everything up, and they decided she @CAPS3 join us. The two of us together couldn'@CAPS6 have been more ecstatic if we tried! @PERSON1 and I made a countdown board that started around two months from our departure date. There were many factors that we would take into hand while planning. As we measured out exactly how much time we had, we also planned which landmarks, resorts, and shops we would visit. Our family friend lived in @LOCATION1 @CAPS4 the time, so she gave us a tour of the island. Having such a close acquaintance to guide us made the trip even more fun. She knew all the local hangout spots, and had access to the military beaches because she works in @ORGANIZATION1!  Many humorous occurrences happened often while we were on that vacation, but some of the most memorable moments happened in the hotel while I was with @PERSON1 and my mother. My mom has always had a way to make every situation hilarious, so it was a blast when we went out on a girls night. First, and most significant of our adventures, we went shopping in the mall that was attached to our hotel. There was an abundance of varied small clothing stores, food shops, and jewelry outlets. One of our favorite stores that we visited was a @CAPS6-shirt shop with chocolate infused fabrics! We spent so much time looking @CAPS4 all of the designs, that I think we ended up carrying a wave of cocoa with us for the rest of the night.  As soon as we finished our shopping quest in the town center, we worked our way back up to the room, laughing and involved in pointless girl talk. The three of us girls shuffled with smiles, sore feet, and new bags onto the elegant, ornately designed golden elevator. My mother pushed the button to take us to our floor, while @PERSON1 carried on a story about plans we had the night before. Absorbed in conversation, we hauled our new things down the long hallway to our room. Realizing that we didn'@CAPS6 have a key card to open our room's door, the three of us decided that we should just knock on the door and my father would answer. "@CAPS2 was supposed to be back from renting our surf boards by now, so why isn'@CAPS6 @CAPS2 answering?" we thought, "@CAPS3 @CAPS2 still be out on the beach?" @CAPS4 this point our conversation died down a bit as we tried to figure out what to do. I sent a message to my dad's cell phone, and @CAPS2 said @CAPS2 was in the room. We ended up pounding on the door for a good five minutes, assuming @CAPS2 was playing a joke on us by not answering. After waiting a few moments in confused silence, I began to notice a low buzzing voice coming from inside the room. I turned to my mother and best friend, and @CAPS3 barely keep from laughing. It was then that it hit me, and I said to both of them, "@CAPS5 guys! We didn'@CAPS6 leave a @CAPS6.V. on!" We immediately halted our intrusion, moved as quickly as we @CAPS3 away from the door, and continued to howl with laughter. My mother had hit the wrong floor button on the elevator! We were so absorbed in having a good time that we didn'@CAPS6 even realize we were bothering someone, and embarassing ourselves! It wasn'@CAPS6 just one moment or one trip, it is now a lifetime of joy because I can look back on those memories and smile @CAPS4 them. It's these moments that I treasure the most.
