 Have you ever got a detention from laughing an inordinate amount in class? If you haven't, you're very lucky. I know that teachers absolutely hate students that don't pay attention in class, or students that will randomly start laughing when they're giving a lecture. I'm that student that will randomly bust up laughing (preferably at my own jokes) in class. In other words, I'm a teachers worst nightmare.  Ring....ring....ring, time for @CAPS1. It was a beautiful afternoon and I was feeling great! When I walked into the class, I automatically noticed that our teacher wasn't his blessedly self. But I ignored it and went on with what I normally do, which is get out my @CAPS2 and crank up the tunes. I like to listen to music because it relaxes me and helps me focus more. The downside to listening to music is that you can't exactly hear everything that great. When I listen to music I have those moments when I feel like I'm in a movie that everything seems like it's in slow motion but you can't hear anything. It's almost like I'm secluded in my own little world and no one can see me or hear me, until I start laughing that is. Finally class started and everyone was being abnormally loud, at this point I was starting to see the steam come out of our teachers ears. He looked like a cartoon character off of bugs bunny. The teacher was getting very indignant and impatient with the class. I didn't exactly pay much attention to him so I went back to listening to my music. After a while, our teacher was now starting to get frenzied with the class even more so he told everyone whoever talks again will get their name written up on the board and you will receive detention.  About five minutes later my friend @PERSON1 comes and walks by me and starts talking to me. When I listen to music, I have a tendency to talk loud because I feel like they can't even hear me. So I start yelling, and she starts to giggle because when I wasn't looking my teacher was just staring at me wondering why I was talking so loud. He turns around and writes my name on the board (that meant I was given a warning). I turn to look at the teacher, oh no here it comes, @NUM1 my laughter is out, I couldn't control myself. When I laugh uncontrollably, I laugh like there's no tomorrow. "@CAPS3! You owe me thirty minutes of detention!" said my teacher. One of the biggest problems that I have is I'm very easily amused, I laugh at mainly everything and anything. When my teacher yelled at me, his facial expression was just way too funny, so I began to laugh even harder.  When I start laughing, my friend @PERSON1 usually can't help herself but start laughing with me. She tells the teacher that she was the one that made me laugh so she thought she deserved detention too. So she got what she wanted, detention! One week later, @PERSON1 and I arrived in good old detention with all the other "rebels" (that's what I call myself now) it makes me feel tough. The thing that we have learned is that we should never be sitting next to each other. When we sit by each other, we can't stop laughing, but we decided to sit by each other anyways. What do you know, we almost got more detention while in detention, imagine that.  "@CAPS4's to short to live with tension and regrets, so just laugh it off!" That motto is what I try to live by everyday. I feel like laughing is a very important part in my @CAPS4, it really helps me forget what is bothering me. Even though I @MONTH1 get in trouble from laughing, I don't regret it one bit. Some people are very serious and they don't know how to let things go so they're always tense. Laughing releases tension and for me I feel like it brings me closer to my friends. I love laughing with my friends and the feeling of your abs hurting from laughing is awesome!Live your live, laugh as much as you can, and love those that mean the most to you.
