 Laughter can be helpful in many ways and with many things. Like, if your having a bad day, a friend can try and make you laugh to help you feel better. Or maybe something like you lost a loved one. Yes it's a very tragic thing, especially if you really close to that family member. People will still try and make you laugh and tell you that there in a better place and won't be in pain anymore. I have had some moments like this and I sometimes felt better after the person or persons have made me laugh. I also know that I have people that care for me and want me to be happy and full of laughter. The most recent time I have needed someone to help me laugh was yesterday. It was yesterday night, I had math homework that I needed too do. It frustrated me so much, I started too cry. i told my boyfriend this and he just started telling all of these silly jokes. They kind of helped. What helped the most though was when he had said he could come over this @DATE1. I started smiling and laughing because I was so happy that he could. Another time that I have had laughter help me was when I was at @CAPS1 with my mom, dad, brother, and little sister about @NUM1 years ago. My brother decided that he want too take me on @CAPS2 @CAPS3. I can't remember if that was the ride though. Anyway, he took me in it about @NUM2 or @NUM3 time. I was so scared, and wet that I didn't talk too him for the rest of the day. He finally apologized and took me too a face painter lady in one of the stores. I chose what I wanted on my face, I can't quite remember what it was though, I think it was some kind of fish. But, after she had finished, I looked in the mirror she had and I burst out laughing. I laughed for about ten minutes and said that I accepted his apology. When we arrived home a few days later, I took the hose and sprayed him with it just too get him back. And too be a little stinker of a sister, like all little sisters should be every once and a while in my opinion. Thank gosh it was during the @DATE2 because me and him did it a few more times just too be brats too mom and dad. Lastly, I remember this one time in @NUM4 grade when my best friend @CAPS4 was moving. I cried for days and days. Then finally he calls me and we talked for about @NUM5 hours, and talking too him just made me laugh, and wish that he hadn't of moved. At least I still got too talk too him. Only about once or twice though. anyway, those times talking too him made me so happy. We talked about his dogs. One of his dogs names is @CAPS5, she was about @NUM6 months at the time. She started chasing her tail and when she went around about @NUM6 times, she tripped over her feet and fell on her rump. So, to end this trip down memory lane. Those three blasts from the pasts were the ones that made me laugh too help me feel better when I was feeling upset, or down.
