 I personally do believe that laughter is very important in any relationship. Who doesn't enjoy laughter every once in a while? I know i do. My true story is on the relationship of my @NUM1 year old toddler daughter and I. I will tell you why I think laughter is important, how it is important, the part it plays in my relationships, and the benefits I believe it can have for any persons relationships. Everyone needs to smile and just laugh, forget about the things that make you frown, so you can turn it upside down. My relationship with @PERSON1(my @NUM1 year old), has mixed emotions at all times, and is constantly changing. The emotions range from complete happiness and admiration, to anger, frustration, and a whole lot of stressfulness. Of course during all of these different feelings, I always love her with every inch of my heart. But during the midst of feeling so stressed out that I want to scream, she will say the funniest thing, or make the most adorable face. And you cant help but smile and laugh, which, let me tell you, makes all the difficulties go away for that brief moment. The most cold, angry, and hurtful people in the world, never laugh. They isolate themselves and don't have good relationships with other people. We all need some laughter in order to not be depressed and sad. If you are always frowning and stressing out, there wont be any room to look at the good things and just laugh. When @PERSON1 does her little thing and it makes me laugh, then she laughs and we are all in better moods. She knows that mommy still loves her, and she knows just the right ways to make me smile and i just wanna pick her up and squeeze her. Because at the end of the day, when you think about all the things that went on in your day, good or bad, there really isn't anything you can do but laugh.And that makes your whole day worth it. It doesn't have to be your children that make you laugh, it can be any relationship with anyone. Maybe its your relationship you have with your boyfriend, and you have been together for a long time, you guys laugh right? because honestly, how could you stand being with a person all the time, and saying you love them and what not, yet you never laugh with them? They never make you laugh? that just wouldn't add up..No relationship can really be a good one, unless there is some laughter. Especially if its someone that you love, and are with constantly. The good things in life, need to exceed the bad things. so, the more laughter the better. I know that parenting is super stressful, especially as a teen mom. and when she puts that smile on my face, i forget about my stresses for that moment and it makes everything better. I wanna give an example of when laughter really made a difference in my day, even my whole week. So you know when you have those days where nothing is going right, your arguing with your parents or boyfriend or whoever, and you have just been feeling like crap all day and week. You have not laughed, smiled, or done anything fun, because the past couple of days just seem to be dragging on and on with the same old routines. Then, the weekend rolls around, and i personally find a babysitter, and you go hang out with a friend or two. We all get together and start talking about old memories, both good and bad ones, ones that make you embarrassed, or ones that make you want to cry. But then you get to the story that always makes you bust up laughing, if its told the right way. And your all laughing for hours it seems(but really,its only been @NUM3 minutes ).Finally, your forced to stop laughing because you were laughing so hard you started crying. and your stomach hurts like you did fifty crunches, and it hurts so bad, yet you feel so good.Then we would all just lay there, catching our breathe. The only noise you hear is a little sputter of a laugh coming out of someones mouth every thirty seconds or so.. So, all-in-all, that's how I see laughter, and why I think its important in everyone's lives. When your sad, it will make you happy. And when your stressed out, it makes you forget everything bad, and just think about the good for a second. When you have had the worst week of your life it seems like, and then you finally get to have your weekend with the girls, and you laugh your heart out, you feel like a new person. Laughter is good for the soul, and it exercises some kind of muscle in your stomach too, I think. Doesn't really matter who you are, or what the issue, laughter will make you feel better, and forget the bad things.  
