Many things are said to bring people together. These things can vary from favorite foods to fashion taste or even disliking the same people, but nothing can bring two people as close as a good laugh can. Laughing will always lighten the mood, bring out a winning smile and from time to time, a tear to the eye. Laughing makes the bad days manageable and the great days fantastic. In my perspective, the world wouldn't go around without a good laugh every now and then. By 'good laugh', I @CAPS5't mean the kind that makes you happy for a moment, I mean the kind that brings tears to your eyes and creates a shaking feeling in your stomach. The kind of laugh that you remember. I've had many of those moments, but one that I cherish most just happened to occur during a school day. A couple weeks ago I was having a pretty nice day, sure its @CAPS1 so the weather dampened my spirits a little, but I was doing alright. I had my normal classes, got my average homework load, and then it came time for @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is basically study hall at my school. I sit at a round table in there with a few of my friends and we talk about nearly everything. Everyday, I sit by @PERSON1. @PERSON1 and I occasionally sit and talk with everyone else, but we tend to disingage ourselfs from the others and lock ourselves in our own private world of inside jokes, smart ass laughs and people watching. So that day during @CAPS2, I can't quite recall what we were talking about at our table, we all just couldn't keep ourselfs from laughing. Most of the laughing was just giggles, and some of it was straight up, hardcore red faced laughing. After we all settled down from the most recent up roar of chuckling, @PERSON1 started talking. She somehow spit out the words, "@CAPS4 it you guys! You're making my eyes hurt!" amoungst the giggles still blossoming out of her mouth. After she said that, I became puzzled.I just stared at her and stuttered, "...what?". I was sure she made a mistake and said eyes instead of stomach, but after she replied with "@CAPS5't your eyes hurt when you laugh really hard?!" I lost control. I was laughing so hard I couldn't breathe and I felt like I was going to pee! See, the funny part is, @PERSON1 is @CAPS6. So the idea of her eyes hurting from laughing really hard is just uncontrollably funny. After @PERSON1 and I caught our breath, we asked other @CAPS7 around the room if their eyes hurt when they laugh and guess what? They @CAPS8! This only made us laugh harder. This occasion instantly became another inside joke we treasure.That inside joke is by far one of the funniest ones, and it being funny, just makes it funnier! Everytime she laughs I ask, "@CAPS8 your eyes hurt?" and we just burst into more laughter. The idea of the joke alone brings a smile to my face, that being the reason why laughing is such a big part in our world. It brings happiness, joy and love. Well, actually it brings just about every possitive emotion. I @MONTH1 not be a doctor yet, but I know I'm right when I say; everyone should get their daily dose of laughter. Laughter can cure just about anything. 
