 Have you ever laughed so hard that you started crying? Were you alone? Most of the time when you are laughing about something you are with someone else. I believe that laughter brings two people closer because it's something you guys both share, a moment you and that other person can think of and picture over and over again in the future. Even if that person is miles away. I can remember it as if it just happened a couple weeks ago. I had just finished a conversation with @CAPS3 mom. I went into @CAPS3 room and unplugged @CAPS3 little black phone from the charger. I opened it and a blinking light flickered saying "@NUM1 missed calls from @PERSON1." I called her back to apologize for missing her phone call. I heard someone pick up, but nobody talked on the other end. " @CAPS1, @PERSON1 you there?" I had asked hoping I would get a reply out of her. I sure got a reply just not the one I was wanting. She started bawling. Trying to catch her breathe, the words barely escaping her mouth. "@CAPS2, @CAPS3 grandpa just died."  @CAPS3 heart sank into @CAPS3 stomach. @CAPS3 eyes started to water up and @CAPS3 throat started to close, making it harder to breathe. @CAPS3 voice was all shaky and rough. I said, "I'm sorry @PERSON1." and I started crying. Us both crying wasn't make anything better anytime soon. She then had explained that he had a heart attack and asked me how something could happen to someone that didn't deserve it. I didn't have an answer to give her though. I had never been in the position she was in. Who was I to know what to say, or do to help her? So I thought hard of what to say to her that would clear her mind a little bit. @CAPS3 brain started hurting when I finally found something from the heart to tell her, something I would want to hear if @CAPS3 grandpa passed away.  I said in a low calming voice, "there isn't much I can tell you because I don't know from experience, but you're family needs you right now as much as you need them. Think about the good times you had with you're grandpa @CAPS4. The laughs you guys enjoyed together. I heard a slight giggle underneath her sniffling. She started telling me a story about how every year her family would take a weekend beach trip. How it was a time for her family to bond and how she would miss it. When she told me that story @CAPS3 heart warmed and the corners of @CAPS3 mouth went up a little. I was proud of myself for sticking in there and being strong for @CAPS3 friend. Even though @PERSON1 will never see her grandpa @CAPS4 again she will always have him with her. Through memories, with in her heart, and by laughter.
