A @ORGANIZATION1 is a wondrous gift. It allows your mind and your body to conjoin with others. It is the root of happiness, and brings a sense of sanity to those who have lost hope. When you feel alone in the world with no one at your side, laughter will be there to accompany you. At one point in my life I felt confused and by myself. I was empty. Solitude was the only thing I could have, and the only feeling my mind would register. Just when I had thought that I @MONTH1 be the only person in the whole world, something had come to save me.  I was six years old when they got divorced. I couldn't stand to hear my parents fight. One day we were the perfect family. We would play board games and go to the movies together. Something had changed very quickly. My @CAPS1 grabbed his jacket, told me he loved me and then he was gone. Was I ever going to see him again? Why isn't @CAPS1 living with us? These are questions I kept asking myself. I think i was too young to truly know what was going on. The days were long and I found myself becoming sluggish and glum.  About two weeks after my @CAPS1 had left, some neighbors moved into the house adjacent to me and my mom. One of the neighbors looked young, about my age. I didn't think much of the new people in town. I told myself that people come and go. Nothing lasts forever, and I should expect the worst. One day I was riding my bike and thought that I should stop pedaling and crash into my fence. I hit the metal fence and simply fell over. I heard a laugh and turned around. It was the new neighbor kid. There he was rolling on the ground, grabbing at his sides. He must have thought of my crash as entertainment. I picked up my bike, began to move, then crashed once more. Another series of laughs sprang from this boy. That was the first time I had smiled in a long time. I grew fond of whatever feeling or humor I was giving off to this new kid. I asked the boy his name and he didn't respond; though he did start to laugh again. It was my voice that he was laughing at. Everything I did caused him to become hysterical. I found out later that he was from @LOCATION1 and didn't speak a word of @CAPS2. Over the course of a month or so, I felt the hole in my heart begin to fill. My new companion and his laugh was the start to my new beginning. My mom and I eventually moved out of our house and lost contact with the neighbors. I am always reminded of him when I hear a laugh. Though he's not near me in a physical sense, I am guided by his laughter every day.
