 Laughter in my life is one of the most important things, because it is often the motivation I need. Whether it be an embarrassing situation that I laugh at looking back on, or when I'm feeling angry and my best friend does something to make me crack up. Sometimes I just feel sad, and if I'm around the right people, the ones who bring the laughter out in me, I know it won't last long. I know that to get my mind off of something, all I need are a few giggle here and there.  Recently, I started going to the gym. I have always been overweight and out of shape, so the gym, like many other attempts, seemed like it wouldn't last long. When taking the tour of my gym originally with my mom, who suggested we try it out, I was pretty excited. Of course this was because it was something new, and I was pumped up enough that I wanted to start that day. My mom, being the more logical one, and of course, the one who would be paying monthly for the membership, wanted to think and talk it over a bit more. In the end, my mom decided that it was right for us. At first my mom kept me motivated. Because I was so out of shape, I got tired after five minutes on the elliptical, at the easiest setting. Seeing my mom beside me on the treadmill, working at it and not even slowing, kept me motivated. Just looking at her made me so happy that every now and then I'd just let out a short burst of laughter, followed by a questioning look from her, but then she would also laugh. Sometimes I thought it was just because I was tired and somewhat delirious from the exertion, but looking back on it now I know I was just happy that my mom and I finally had something to do together. The happy gym days were short-lived, because as usual, my mom was too tired and whatnot to go anymore. I promised myself to go once I was able to drive myself regularly. A few weeks after my birthday, I got my license, but another thing got in the way; my car was a @NUM1-speed, and I only knew @CAPS1 to drive automatic. So after begging my mom almost every day to take me to practice on my new car, she finally took me. In the dark church parking lot, the same one I started driving automatic in, more laughter between us started. She would have me close my eyes and "feel" where the clutch and accelerator @CAPS2 about halfway. At first I thought this was so absurd that I would just start cracking up, and my mom would join in with her laugh. Once I finally got the hang of taking off, which to me is the hardest part, but, like always, laughter was there to make things easier. I learned to drive stick quickly, and because I had made that promise to myself, my first trip for myself was to the gym. My motivation that time was being able to finally do something progressive just for me, and the satisfaction was doing it by myself. The whole way to the gym, I sang @PERSON1 in the twangiest voice I could muster, which led to more laughter. The first few times of going to the gym were based solely on the knowledge that I was doing something good for myself. After about the fourth time, though, my motivation started to dwindle. Instead of listening to my iPod while on the elliptical, I started to watch "@CAPS1 I @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4," because it would get laughs out of me while I was still working my butt off. Before I knew it, the episode was over and I had been going strong for almost an hour, burning @NUM2 calories. I was so impressed with what I had accomplished that it felt like the motivation was fully replenished. I started going daily again. In a week and a half, I had lost @NUM3 pounds just by going to the gym, working out, and most of all, laughing. Part of it was self-motivation, but another part was the laughter that so easily distracted me from the task at hand. Because I had been getting into shape, I was also able to increase the "@CAPS5" level on the machine, and am still going every day. Each day it feels easier and easier, and now I have "@CAPS6" and "@CAPS7 @CAPS8" to make me laugh even more while working out. I believe that in many cases, laughter has saved me. Whether I be sad, mad, down, or in this case, not motivated enough, it was always an option. Knowing I have those laughs to look forward to at the end of the day makes me keep getting in my car to drive to the gym. I'm still losing weight, and this is the first time in my life I've felt truly energized. Laughter was a huge part.
