                             laughter @CAPS1 funny, normally when i fall of line, for some reason @CAPS1 humorous to me. I'm laughing in my head the hole way down down a rapid.I've taken plenty of beat downs whale I have been kayaking, @CAPS2 i think that my day running the upper stretch of the white salmon might have been my worst beat down yet. I like to call that day the @CAPS5 beat down. @CAPS4 was a very nice day and I felt like @CAPS4 would just be a normal day on the upper white salmon, @CAPS2 oh I was wrong. The bad news started as soon as @PERSON3, @PERSON2 and I parked the car. @PERSON3 had brought the wrong size spray skirt for his creek boat. I had no doubt that we could conquer this problem. the spray skirt ended up barely fitting, @CAPS4 took the strength of all three of us to get @CAPS4 on. After a long hike through an empty creek bed we found our selves at the put in. This is a fairly simple put in, you start off with finding a faltish spot on a @NUM1 foot rock slide. after you find your spot, you simply slide down the rock and of a seven foot drop into water. Unfortunately @CAPS4 wasn't that simple for me, I slid down the rock and of the drop perfectly fine @CAPS2 little did I know I didn't put my spray skirt on all the way so when I dropped into the water about a gallon or so rushed into my boat. I didn't think much about @CAPS4 because @CAPS4 was just a gallon. I actually thought @CAPS4 was kinda funny and that put a good feeling in my gut because that day I was paddling a big boat for my size so I thought @CAPS4 would help my weight distribution a little bit. There for I didn't empty out my boat and we just started paddling down stream.  The first few rapids were no big deal I poked through all the holes there were and I felt like I was doing realitavly good because @CAPS4 had been a while scene I had paddled this stretch. We were about half way through our run when I was starting to realize the magnitude of how gnarly this river was, I was rolling in every rapid I possibly could and laughing my face of every time, @CAPS2 I couldn't quit, there was no way out of this canyon, we had at least @DATE1 foot walls on either side of us, the only way out was down stream! We were nearing the end of our trip and we had @CAPS2 only one more big drop still left to conquer. @CAPS5 falls, a @NUM2 foot drop (depends on who you ask) of pure white water. this drop isn't like any ordanry waterfall in fact this drop isn't really anything like a waterfall, sure you definitely will feel the free fall @CAPS2 the water hydrolics are nothing like a waterfall. What happens on this drop is the canyon gets narrow and when all that water goes over a ledg @CAPS4 creates a hole at the bottom. @CAPS4 is also legged out at the bottom so there's tons of water boiling back up stream, so ounce your stuck in that hole @CAPS1 like trying to paddle up hill and there's basically no way to paddle out of this hole. you just have to hope for the best, hold your breath and stay calm. We were neering @CAPS5 falls and there's only @NUM3 eddies you can catch before the falls so you can scout @CAPS4. Funny enough when I was trying to make the second @PERSON1 my boat got bumped out by @PERSON3's boat and that little bump ended up flipping me upside down and spinning me backwards, at this point there wasn't much I could do about the next few minutes of my life. So I plunged over the falls, I was mixed up in a huge whitewater mess for about a minute and a half, only having brief moments where I could possibly catch a breath of air. I toughed through @CAPS4 and didn't pull my spray skirt because i didn't want to drink from the shoe(don't ask) and because of if I ended up ejecting from my boat there's no way to know what would happen to me in this monster. I powered through @CAPS4, what was only a short minute seemed like a lifetime to me. I ended up getting flushed out down stream and rolling up perfectly unharmed. when I rolled up, I had the biggest smile on my face and my heart was racing. I don't think I would have made @CAPS4 if I didn't have a good attitude coming into this day and having the need to laugh in my head when I messed up. All in all laughing saved my life! 
