               Laughter is always the answer. It was freezing and dark outside. The walk home was to long to handle but the laughter that was filling the air made the walk home a little faster and shorter. The cars kept passing and stairing, but all we could do was laugh some more because we knew we were making fools of ourselfs, we didnt care one bit. The weird voices that kept coming out our mouths, the crazy @CAPS1 dance moves and the facial exspressions were the funniest thing to us. Stupid things that people do are the funniest things. Becasue I knew if you laugh more then usual you will build your friendship more and live your life more to the fullest. As @PERSON2 and I were walking back home from @PERSON1 we were dreding the walk home. It seemed like it was going to take two hours because of how long it took to get there when it was really about ten minutes away from my house, not even that. It also felt like we were not making it anywhere because of how slow we were walking and thinking of how long the walk would be. Cars kept passing us but they weren't stairing at us yet. It was silent until something popped up in my brain. I had the best idea so the walk would be faster. I remebered this voice my god brother @CAPS2 that was like @CAPS3 compared to me even though he is younger would always do. It always put a smile on everyone and it was entertaining. This voice I wanted to try it, so I attempted to. We weren't even half way home until I started yelling radom words at cars, it was a dark scary voice and I sounded very controlling.  Then I had the bright idea to sing in this deep creepy voice. That was a bad idea also, @PERSON2 started to dance and cars started to stare at us. @PERSON2 was this tall thin girl that was my bestfriend, she loved piercings and didn't care what others thought of her. I really didnt mind what they thought of us either because people knew we were weird. Watching @PERSON2 dance to my voice was the funniest thing I could ever see. I never thought something could get funnier then that, until she wanted to try the voice. When she tried the voice and it slipped out from her lips I started to bust up laughing and fell to the floor. After about ten minutes we were almost to my house and it felt like our stomachs were going to bust open because of how long and hard we were laughing. While I was thinking to myself i thought"@CAPS4, that seemed like two minutes just to get home."I knew that if @PERSON2 and I would just think of something to do until we got home then time would go faster. When we walked through the door of my house my mom asked us,"@CAPS5 were you guys dancing while you were waling down the @NUM1 and I just looked at eachother and laughed and told her she doesn't even know how fun it was. Laughter is the only thing that brings two people closer I think. It doesn't matter if you make fools of yourself because you know whats fun. All that matters is that you and are build a relationship together. Doesn't matter if it's just friends trying to get to know eachother more or if it is a boyfriend/girlfriend just having fun and messing around. It's always good to have that laugh here and there and no that you have that connection with the other person and no your friendship is still there. 
