 It was the middle of @DATE1 and I was ten, bored and constantly sleeping. Even at ten I still played with toys, and that was the highlight of most days. All of my friends from fifth grade were on vacation surfing in @LOCATION1, or roasting marshmallows over the roaring fire with their families at camp, while I was stuck at home with nothing to do. That was about to be the most boring @DATE1 break anyone has ever had until one day in @DATE3. The day I met @PERSON1 was the day I gained my best friend. I met @PERSON1 because of my brother and his sister, they had had crushes on each other and wanted to start dating. That was fine with our parents but, that also meant that her brother @PERSON1, and I, would have to tag along also. I remember the first day being so uncomfortable and stiff. I could tell he didn't like me, he only chuckled when I would crack a joke here an there. As time went on though, I must have grew on him, because a few days later he was laughing at practically every joke I made.  Those jokes had eventually led up to a friendship that would last a lifetime. Which really started when his birthday had come up in late @DATE2. He was having a small overnight birthday party which included me, his family, and his good friend @CAPS1. @CAPS1 couldn't stay overnight, so it was just me and @PERSON1. I didn't get much sleep at all that night, but that was fine with me because why i hadn't was a good enough reason not to.  We spent half the night talking, and laughing, and really just getting to know each other better. Anyone with eyes could see that we were becoming close friends. Even after our siblings separated from each other we would still hang out as just us two. The real test of our friendship took place shortly after his birthday when @PERSON1, and his family moved to @LOCATION2, where they were from. After they moved I still had contact with him and we talked to each other frequently. They had been gone for about a year when I got a call from @PERSON1, telling me that they were going to move back.  I had so many questions that needed to be answered, but he had a really bad connection and the call was dropped quickly after I heard him say that. With many things left unsaid my overall emotion was obviously happy, but also slightly confused. Was he really coming back? That was the question that kept me wondering. It was days after that I had gotten another call from him, and this time we actually had a chance to talk. It was true, he was coming back, but as it turns out not forever. @PERSON1 came back for about another solid @NUM1 years, having fun and being the best of friends, but his parents already wanted to move back to @LOCATION2 again. This time was different because he wasn't coming back. He was going to stay there, without a thought of going back. @PERSON1 had left my life as quickly as he entered. He's halfway across the country now, with new friends and a renewed life, probably laughing at a new friend's jokes.
