 In all of the times people paid a lot of attention to laughter. We can't imagine our lives without @CAPS9. We @CAPS8 every day, make jokes,smile. For me laughter always was one of the best things in the world! @CAPS9 helped me so many times in the most difficult situations. I want to tell you one story of my life when laughter played a huge role.@CAPS9 all started @DATE1 in @DATE2. I was living in @LOCATION2 at that time and was trying to get a scholarship to go to the @LOCATION2 for one @DATE1 as an exchange student. To do this I had to pass a lot of tests, to write millions of essays, go through all the paper work... One of the things that i had to do was to talk to the group of other participants and two @CAPS1 for about one hour. So, people who chose the kids to go abroad will look at how we can communicate with others. Can you imagine speaking foreign language with group of people who you have never seen before? No. Especially when all of you know that only one from the whole group will go to @LOCATION1. You know that everyone will try to be the best, the leader, and hardly ever will let others to say something. But I still hoped everything would be fine.I remember that day as if @CAPS9 was yesterday. Everything in details. @CAPS9 was @DATE3 @TIME1, when I came into the white big building of @ORGANIZATION1 where the competition was going to be.I came in the class and two @CAPS1 introduces us to each other. And at that exact moment, when I saw other three people, at that exact second I realized that I actually had to worry! I saw their faces. They thought the same. We had nothing in common. At all. They all looked different. One girl was all in black. No kidding. black big shoes looked alike to old army ones that my grandfather has, black skirt was longer then the girl, black ties, dark t-shirt, three or four sizes bigger then the girl; you can not even imagine how dark her short straight hair were. She looked like if she was a part of the darkest night of the @DATE1. Another girl was a complete "barbie girl". You know, typical @CAPS3- two good for everyone. She was tall, thin, long blond hair and pink clothes. All pink. Bright-pink jeans, light-pink top and high heels. I remember her saying the girl in black something like " @CAPS4, I am the best one here". Nothing else about her, just @CAPS3. Also there was one boy. He was a wonderful example of rap person. All his look from shoes to attitude were just screaming about how much he likes rap. No, loves rap. Big blue jeans, cool in rep companies @ORGANIZATION2 shoes, white tee-shirt with a face of popular in @LOCATION2 rap musician, a hoodoo and a big hat. Also, he had a backpack and i was able to hear music from his I-pod. Well, me, I was in new green pants, grey top, black cardigan, nice grey purse and black flats.. I looked like a girl who loves style, I guess. I can not tell you what they thought about me. I just don not know. But I'm pretty sure that I was a person who just reads magazines all the time and watching @CAPS6 fashion shows. So, we all looked super different from each other and seemed as we were interested just in our own thing. And in nothing else.I didn't understand how we were able to be in the same group. But we were. The first ten minutes were awkward. We did not know what to talk about since we all were so different. Two @CAPS1 who were making notes on how how our conversation is going decided to help us.They gave us a random word, something like " jungadzhumba" and told us to think about what @CAPS9 is and to perform @CAPS9. That seemed to be an interesting thing to me but not for others. The girl-in-black said that @CAPS9 is stupid. And then, the next second the thing that changed everything happened. The boy said a joke about @CAPS9. Yes, just a joke, and i do not even remember what @CAPS9 was, the only thing is that @CAPS9 was really funny. We started to @CAPS8. And the laughter helped us. We were talking so long, more than one hour, but @CAPS9 seemed for us so fast! We were talking about everything in the world! So many topics, we were talking in that room, and then after in the restaurant, and in the subway on the way home... @CAPS9 was wonderful time! That day is very important for me now, because at that day I realized that laughter is a key for everything. I've heard @CAPS9 before, but the real understanding was at that @DATE3. Now my favorite phrase is: "@CAPS8, if you don't know what to do, just @CAPS8!" @CAPS9 will help you.
