  I believe that laughter is a healthy way to get a along with someone, and have fun! I think that the more you laugh the more fun you're having with someone or a group of people. One time me and my friend @PERSON1 were hanging out at my house and we literally couldn't stop laughing, every little thing was hilarious to us for some reason! It makes us have so much more fun together, when we can just laugh together instead of fighting. I love to laugh; all my friends call me obnoxious because I laugh all the time. I feel like if you're laughing and laughing with someone it makes you closer and it's way more healthier and better if you just laugh! For example I always want to hang out with @PERSON1 because we always laugh together and have a good time. It's like when you have a group of friends and some of them you always disagree on something or fighting, its never fun. If you have a boyfriend/girlfriend and you always laugh with her/him it just makes you want to be around them so much more, because your having a good time. Fighting just does the opposite!   I've recently realized who my good friends and who are my bad friends. Laughing is the biggest quality to have in someone. The girls I fight with are usually the ones who have no personality and are very negative and are just mad people. My friends that I do get along with we always laugh and have a good time, the only time I've got in a fight with one of my good friends is because the downers always say random stuff that's not true and hurtful so that person will be right there down with you! I have realized the more you laugh the more fun you will have and the more people want to be around you! I've also noticed that my mom and dad are completely different people. My mom is a sweetheart who always laughs and I can always have fun with. My dad on the other hand never laughs. I honestly can not remember the last time I heard him laugh. He is such a downer and no one ever wants to be around him. That's probably why my parents are divorced! You can just tell that my mom has more fun and my dad doesn't. In life you really just have to have fun do what your supposed to do and laugh. So really what I'm trying to say is laughing is a important part of any relationship; whether its with friends family dating, just anything! It's definitely a good quality to have.    If a person is always happy and always wanting to have a good time, I think its how they're raised. If you think about it I get my mom @PERCENT1 of the time and my dad @PERCENT1 of the time. Whenever I'm with my dad I'm always in a worse mood, I never want to do what he's asking. I basically want to rebel. When I'm with my mom I literally do the opposite I'm always happier and will do what she wants, and we always laugh and have a way better relationship then me and my dad do. I think laughing and being happier has a lot to do with who you look up to and how they act, and what they do. I can definitely tell my mood change from parent to parent. It has a lot to do with how the parents are raising their kids. I think as a adult you need to be a positive influence on your kid/teenager. I think its good to have a healthy laughing relationship with your kid. Life is to short to spend it hating someone, I believe you should spend your life having a good time and fulfilling your dreams, and mostly laughing. 
