The @CAPS1 of Laughter   The @CAPS1 of a single laugh is quite an astonishing thing. Laughter has a strange way to either bring two people together or when used wrongly tear those people apart. In all of my relationships I have realized that being able to joke around and laugh with one another is a big deal. I have come to notice lately that I have an amazing best friend. @PERSON1 is always here for me even after the mistake I made that ended tearing us apart. Now that we have gotten over The @CAPS2 and can laugh about it, I've realized it makes being embarrassed a lot easier and brings me and my friends together. Even when a best friend does something that wasn't right and neither one wants to fix it.   The @CAPS2 began last @DATE1 during my @CAPS4 soccer season, and should have never gone as far as it did or involved one of my friends. It was the hardest thing to admit that I had done wrong; both to her and him. The day we had gotten caught is now what I consider the scariest and worst day of my life. The @CAPS2 has also become a big learning point in my life, I've learned that all my actions do have consequences and how to balance what I want with what I should actually do.   When I first started soccer for @CAPS4, I had never played with any of the people and I realized that by being the youngest on a @NUM1 team I would have to stand out and prove myself. Which is exactly what I did; just not to the whole team. After playing for about two weeks I had started to notice one of the boys who was on my team. I hadn't really thought much about it but when both me and him started to pursue our relationship it became a whole other thing. The boy and I had been dating for about a month and a half when this began to involve @PERSON1. See we weren't exactly allowed to hang out or even date for that matter, but we knew that we would take the chance of getting into trouble for each other. And as time went on and we had began to get closer to each other, we also had began falling in love. That @MONTH1 have been the reason I had chosen what I had but at the time it all seemed to make perfect sense.    Then the @ORGANIZATION1 came around and we thought it would be the perfect time to see each other, little did we know this choice would result in us losing each other, me losing my freedom, both of us ruining my parent's trust and the worst of all me throwing away a great friend. We didn't think of these consequences so we went through with it. He would meet me at the @ORGANIZATION1 and I would tell my parents that I was just going to be with @PERSON1. At the beginning and throughout most of the time everything was going well me and him were having an amazing time because we could finally hang out with one another and nobody knew what was really going on. Little did I know that my mother had called @PERSON1's mom to make sure that I was going to be were I said and with who I said, and as soon as she found out I wasn't everything went down hill from there.    It had already been a couple hours and we were starting to get hungry but neither of us wanted to eat the greasy food at the @ORGANIZATION1 so we decided to take yet another chance and leave, with me leaving @PERSON1 at the @ORGANIZATION1 and her not knowing were I went. As my mom became more and more worried she starting calling @PERSON1 to see were I was and of course @PERSON1 had no idea. On her list to call next was me. When my mom first tried calling me I decided not to answer and have her think i was just on a ride or something, but when she kept calling I knew that something was wrong. As I answered the phone I knew that she knew what I had been doing, but I still didn't want to believe what was happening. I thought that the only way my mom could have found out was because @PERSON1 called and told her that she couldn't find me and who I was with.    So that is what I ended up accusing @PERSON1 of for at least a month after it happened. I couldn't look at her or even talk to her with out feeling resentment and embarrassment. When everything finally settled down, from being caught to being grounded the whole @DATE2, I knew that I needed to apologize for the position I put @PERSON1 in. It was the hardest thing I have ever done. But now knowing that @PERSON1 and I can laugh about it makes remembering that time so much easier and better.
