Laughter is a key importance in life, family, and relationships. Gets people through tough times and times when you just need a friend. Laughing is a big part in my life, joking around and having fun, when something happens I try to cover it up with laughter. People @MONTH1 say that laughing is to much in situations, but it gets a lot a people trough tough times. @CAPS1 there was no laughter in the world in would be dull and I feel that people would be without really experience laughing and making jokes.    Making other people laugh gives me good feeling even @CAPS1 it is a lame joke. I think that because it gives me a good feeling about my self, one good thing I know how to do. My family has always been the joking type, messing around and just laughing about everything. There has been a lot of good memories with my family and I, jokes and what not. We enjoy every little laughing matter because its something we each treasure and its a bond that we do not want to loose.One moment in my life where laughter was really great for was in awkward situations with people. My sports team, getting down on ourselves very fast during games and we start to blame other people which is the most common thing that people do when they start to stress in situation like this. Causing so many errors my team mates and I are just not paying to one another and not acting like a team. Just after losing so many games you really start to lose hope for yourself and your team. Our coach always try's to comfort us by saying we did good or we could have tried harder. Some people take this seriously or people do not care and act nothing ever happened and those people start to shut @CAPS2 out and only care for their good friend on the team. One morning before we even started things were tense between people. The captain noticed that two of the team members where talking about her and she confronted them saying "@CAPS1 your going to talk about me behind my back just say it to me." @CAPS2 was in complete shock no one knew what to say, so i stated "well this is just awkward." The whole team just started to laugh because it loosened @CAPS2, even though it didn't totally solve things it just made the situation a little better.Another moment in my life where laughter was a key part was during road trips. Being suck in the car with my family going somewhere and on the way back from were ever we came back it is a lot of bonding time. You start to talk crazy not making an sense, not being like yourself. Then it bring out the fun of messing around then saying something or do something were it become really funny and its a moment that you don't want lost. An example that happened to me on this experience was going to @LOCATION1 and making up a lot of inside jokes of things we saw or heard. moments like these I always want to treasure because these people in your life right now will not always be their. To create memories do the basic thing and laugh with family. Laugh with your friends.I believe that in some of these situations it could help loosen some of the tension between people, and sometimes make things a little less weird between people. Just being yourself and dont change that. Having so many of these types of moments and much more are special to me, no matter good or bad. they help me remember things easier. Just having the little moments like these are special and it reminds me of how much I really did care about this one person or realize that a moment wasn't a total lost, because it had the thoughts of people laughing and its something that comforts me. 
