 I rested my back on the cool steel of the lockers trying to ease my nerves. "@CAPS1 game is everything we have worked for- every excruciating practice, every tedious drill, and every game film we have studied down to the minutia. It was all to prepare us for tonight. @CAPS7 we lose tonight, everything we have worked was for nothing." I listened attentively as @PERSON1, our team captain, spoke. The words she chose for our pre-game speech were straight to the point, and anything but sugar coated. As I glanced around the locker room it was easy to observe that everyone one of my teammates was anxious. Emilie was vigorously chewing what was left of her nails, while @LOCATION1 preferred to show her uneasiness by the constant tapping of her foot. @PERSON1 finished her speech, and with the break of our huddle we entered the gymnasium. The stands were packed with familiar faces of our small town. In a small section of the stands there was a group of people wearing colors not native to our school. @CAPS1 brutal reminder brought my attention back to warm ups.  The twenty minutes we had for warm ups seemed to last no longer than two minutes. The announcer began to state our starting line up, but it was no use. The roar of the crowd overpowered the speaker system. It seemed as @CAPS7 everyone from our town of five thousand was attending the game. Not an empty space was left in the bleachers. The bench vibrated from the stomping and clapping of the crowd, threatening with every shake to collapse. The starting five for each team walked out to the center of the court for tip off. With the loss of the tip off our team was quickly put under pressure. From the first possession of the game we were chasing our opponent.  The first two quarters ended with a dead even score. Feeling discouraged my team regrouped in the locker room for @DATE2 time. We entered the locker room a moment before my @CAPS3. I took @CAPS1 opportunity to @CAPS2 around at the expressions' of my teammates. Nothing, but disappointment and fear crossed their face's. My @CAPS3 opened the door, and I instinctively braced myself for the throwing of keys against the wall, or the smash of the clip board. My team had witnessed these acts of rage countless times before. To my surprise, my @CAPS3 entered with complete poise and composure, as @CAPS7 our first @DATE2 of treacherous play didn't phase him. We were not yelled at, or criticized. Instead, he rubbed his eyes, face down and shoulders hunched over. His belly began to shake, shortly followed by his shoulders. My first hypothesis was that he was crying, but then to my amazement, I heard the soft chuckle of our @CAPS3. Soon that soft chuckle metamorphosised into a stomach thrusting, loud cackle. My team exchanged confused glances, and waited for my @CAPS3's explanation in anticipation.  "@CAPS2 at yourself!" @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ordered. "@CAPS5 are all more tentative than when I asked @PERSON2 out to my first dance!" We could always rely on @CAPS3 for an unrelated metaphor. Even @CAPS7 it wasn't related to basketball, the point was clear. "@CAPS7 @CAPS5 guys would just believe in yourself the way I believe in @CAPS5, @CAPS1 game would be a blow out! Instead, @CAPS5 are playing like a bunch of bunny foo-foos!" We all laughed with the thought of playing like the nursery rhyme we had hear so frequently when we were children. The speech @CAPS3 @CAPS4 gave eased us all. The confident team we should have been from the start of the match was now prepared to win the @DATE2. To think that @CAPS1 confidence came from just one comforting laugh seemed almost improbable.  The whistle blew to start the @DATE2. We played with such assertiveness and confidence that @CAPS7 @CAPS5 were to compare one @DATE2 with the other, it would @CAPS2 like two different teams. We grasped the lead early in the @DATE1, and sustained it for the rest of the game. The victory of that night's game lead us one round deeper into the state tournament. As I walked back to the locker room I glanced around the massive gym. I looked at: the crowd, score board, opponents, referees and news reporters. I realized how easy it is to get caught up everything that shouldn't effect @CAPS5. All the distractions easily make @CAPS5 forget the main purpose of why @CAPS5 play the game. Occasionally we need reminders, like the calming laugh of @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Without that reassuring laugh, my team never would have united, and defeated our opponent.
