 For my family laughter is important to us because it just means that my parents aren't fighting that day. I was about nine years old and it was the week of @DATE1. My parents had been fighting all day, for me it seemed like it would never end. Usually @DATE1 was what I looked forward to all year, but now I just wanted it to be over. I hated seeing my parents fight, because it always scared my little brother. My little sister was too young to know what was going on, but whenever they started fighting around her, she started to scream and yell. When my parents fought I tried to keep my brother and sister busy but that never kept me busy. I still heard everything they said and it seemed to never stop.  My sister was about one year old and when my parents fought she came into my room a lot because it was the farthest room from where the yelling was going on. We would watch @CAPS1 and play games until it stopped. Once, it went on for so long that she fell asleep in my room and I ended up taking her to her bed that night. There were so many times where I wished my parents would just stop fighting and realize that it not only makes them upset, it made all of us upset.  Well, the day before @DATE1 eve my mom was at work and my dad had to go to work too. Since my moms work doesn't allow kids to be there, my dad took us along. I could tell he had been up late because he had dark circles under his eyes and he had forgotten to shave that @TIME1. Since, we were all on break from school, my whole day was spent making sure my little sister didn't get into mischief or get hurt. I had fun at my dads work because I loved playing with my little sister. My sister still wobbled when she walked so it made me laugh when we would play tag because she could never run fast enough and it made me laugh just to see her try. She loved it too because walking now gave her so much more freedom but she got herself into a lot more mischief now. On days when my dad didn't have much to do, he would have me help him try and teach my brother how to ride a two wheeler. It was a lot of fun seeing my brother try new things and have fun with it. It made us all laugh that day because he was so excited and happy that he could do something that he couldn't do before.  When @DATE1 eve came my parents agreed to stop fighting for the next few days because they wanted us to be happy on @DATE1 @TIME1. Except that night they had a really big fight after they thought all of us had gone to bed. I had stayed up that night really late cause I was watching a bunch of my favorite @CAPS2 movies. I had just turned the @CAPS1 off when I heard them yelling. I didn't get much sleep that night because of all the yelling and screaming. Luckily, my brother and sister were already asleep and I didn't have to worry about them. The next @TIME1, I didn't know what to expect from my parents. Everything was how it normally was on @DATE1 @TIME1. There were gifts under the tree and stuff in our stockings. My brother came in and woke me up and said that everyone was out in the living room waiting for me to get my butt out of bed. I got out of bed, put my robe and my slippers on and went out to the living room. What I saw when I got out there was not at all what I had expected. My brother was sorting the presents so that everyone had their own pile. My dad was laughing at my sister, who was trying to pick up a presents that was as tall as her. And my mom was in the kitchen making everyones favorite breakfast, chocolate chip pancakes, bacon, and sausage. Everyone seemed so much happier then they had been the last few days.  As we all ate our breakfast and opened presents, I realized this was the first @TIME1 in a while that my parents haven't fought. It made me really happy to see them getting along. We all laughed and had a great time that @DATE1 @TIME1. The rest of the day was great too. Laughter is still a big part in my family, even though my parents are separated now. It's a lot better now because we have a lot more moments of laughter and being happy then being upset and having to listen to them fight all the time. Now that we are happy and laugh a lot more, being at home is alot better. I really do believe laughter plays a big part in any family.
