 One day I decided to go over to my friend @PERSON1's house. When I went over there we cleaned the pool and i ran from her dad because he was chasing me around with a booger on his finger. This was one of the days that me and @PERSON1 laughed more then ever!  We started the day just laying in her bad and watching a movie on her tiny @CAPS1. I can't really remember what movie is was but it doesn't really matter since we were too busy talking about totally random things.  After the movie was over we went out into the living room to watch @CAPS2 bob because @PERSON1 doesn't have cable in her room. At the time, I had a knee injury so it took me a minute to get comfortable. I got myself situated on the couch and @PERSON1 sat next to me. Her dad came in about @NUM1 minutes later with a booger on his index finger. He threatened to give me booger lip, which is where he puts the booger on your lip, and I got up and tried to run away. I knew if I didn't get away he would really put in on my lip because he had done it before. it hurt really bad putting that much pressure on my knee so I hoped as fast as I could on one leg. I hid in @PERSON1's closet and all I could hear in the background was @PERSON1's laughter and her dads footsteps. I waited in her closet for like @NUM2 minutes and the got out because I could tell the coast was clear. I went back out in the living room and @PERSON1 and I laughed about the whole thing.  After we stopped laughing we decided to go outside and clean the pool. we were in the mood for swimming and the pool had been out all winter so it was really nasty in there. there were tat poles, dirt, some slimy green stuff, parasites and who knows what else. I wouldn't be surprised if there were fish in there. We got in and started scooping all of the water out with buckets. We didn't notice the tad poles until then. We didn't want to throw them out in the yard with all of the rest of the water because we knew that there would dry up and die. So every time we scooped a bucket full of water, we would go through it and get all of them out and put them in a little can that we had saved the tad poles and scooping all of the water out took about @NUM3 and a half hours. after that we went in the house and looked for some pool cleaner and soap. We couldn't find and so we went and got the shampoo. We poured the shampoo all over the bottom of the pool and started scrubbing. That was taking too long and it wasn't very fun so we got the brilliant idea to put shampoo all over our clothes and slide around. I slipped about a dozen times and so did she. It was hard to stay on our feet. We laughed so hard I almost peed myself but I couldn't go inside because I was soaked and I had soap all over my body. After the pool was all spick and span we had to scoop all out the soap and water out again. All of this took about @NUM4 hours but it was really and we laughed a lot. @PERSON1's mom came home from work and was so happy that we cleaned it because it meant she doesn't have to do it.  After my grandpa came to get me, me and @PERSON1 said our goodbyes. I went home and thought about how that was one of the funnest days of my life. Over all, I think on this day I laughed more then ever before.
