 When I was in what I believe to be the sixth grade I went to @ORGANIZATION1. This year I felt as if I was old enough to ride the " big kid" rides which I had never done before. I remember walking up to the entrance of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 hotel with my mom, older sister @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1 little sister @CAPS3. We had to go though there because it was the fastest way in to the park. There were to giant stain glass like windows that led into the lobby of the hotel. The door were beautiful. They had an outdoor seen on them there were bears, fish, trees, rivers @ORGANIZATION1 mountains. We all walked in to the hotel. The ceilings must have been twenty feet tall. We walk all the way though the lobby @ORGANIZATION1 followed the signs till we got to the park entrance. There was a man made mountain in the middle shaped like a grizzly bear that one of the rides was built around. It was early in the morning so the @LOCATION1 heat had not yet set in completely. We started out with the smaller rides @ORGANIZATION1 side attractions like it's tough to be a bug @NUM1,shopping in the park @ORGANIZATION1 parades. My mom was determent to get back in time to see @LOCATION2 on stage but we never made it back in time. It was about noon @ORGANIZATION1 the sun was hot. We were making our way to the pier. the song @ORGANIZATION3 by the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 was playing in the back ground. There were old sunscreen advertisements painted on the fence that was surrounding that end of the park. on the opposite side of the pier was a man made ocean that was so blue from all the dye it was unbelievable. It kinda looked like the water in the toilet when you put the blue cleaning product in it. The air smelled like fried food @ORGANIZATION1 popcorn, it was making me @LOCATION3. We continued walking until be got to the roller coaster @ORGANIZATION2'. There was a fifteen minuet wait time for the ride which wasn't long. my older sister @ORGANIZATION1 i jumped in line @ORGANIZATION1 began to wait. I had never been on a roller coaster this big before so I didn't know what to expect. I had butterfly in my stomach, I was getting nervous but didn't want to back down.  finally we came to the front of the line. the man standing there working the ride asked "how many?". my sister held up two fingers @ORGANIZATION1 the man pointed at the ground next to him @ORGANIZATION1 said "row eight". The next set of cars came in @ORGANIZATION1 they ushered us into the the eighth car in the row. I pulled down the safety bar. The ride began. The roller coaster cars pulled around the corner @ORGANIZATION1 stopped. There were speakers on both sides of my head that i had not noticed until the moment sound began to come out of them. It was a mans voice @ORGANIZATION1 some background music. the voice did a count down form ten @ORGANIZATION1 the yelled " blast off" @ORGANIZATION1 the ride took of at high speeds. It was going so fast my face was being pushed back into a smile. The ride then slowly climbed to the top of a giant hill @ORGANIZATION1 plummeted to the bottom. There were so many twists @ORGANIZATION1 turns the ride even when upside down! when it came time to take the picture at the end I was crying I was laughing so hard. my sister @ORGANIZATION1 I exited the ride @ORGANIZATION1 walked over to the booth were they show the pictures that they had taken of the people on the ride. Both of our faces were priceless. We then road the ride five more times before heading back to the hotel for dinner. From that day on I was addicted to roller coasters, @ORGANIZATION1 have ridden many since.
