 My boyfriend and I planned to go to the @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 fair that they put in @LOCATION1, OR. He asked my mom if she would let me go with him to the fair @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 and surprisingly my mom said "yeah you can go" i was really exited cause that would be our first @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 together. We were thinking of how it would be and we laughed because we were saying "what if we were on a ride and we fell out," but knowing it wouldn't really happen. The day before @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 i got all my things ready for that day. i was really exited and nervous cause I've never been on rides like that so i probably didn't go to sleep till @NUM4 in the @TIME1.  @NUM1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 was on a @DATE1, I didn't wanna go to school so my mom let me go to the fair instead of school. I woke up laughing and with a smile on my face because of all the things that were going through my head. I got ready, my boyfriend @PERSON1 his brother and his sister came to pick me and my friend up around @TIME3. We drove to the @CAPS9 station, parked and got our bus fare. After we got on the @CAPS9, we took a seat and we were taking pictures and making jokes. Since we got in the @CAPS9 it their was nothing but laughter. I'm pretty sure the rest of the passengers thought we were crazy. It took about @NUM6 minutes to get to were the fair was at, when we got off the @CAPS9. We ran to the gates to get our tickets. But it wasn't @NUM7 so they weren't opened so we had to wait @NUM8 minutes till they opened the gates. Once we got in this lady was selling a card that had the tokens in it, so we bought it and got on a spider ride which at first didn't look as scary but it moved really fast so i was sliding everywhere. @PERSON1 and his brother were laughing at me and my friend @ORGANIZATION2 cause we were yelling but after a couple of seconds i stopped yelling and i ended up laughing for no reason i just laughed and laughed until i finally stopped and we got off. After that ride i wasn't really in the mood of yelling or looking dumb in front of the other people that were at the fair so we didn't get on any for a while until we saw the @ORGANIZATION3 wheel we got on it. It was fun but it moved a lot so it reminded me of what @PERSON1 and I were talking about "that how funny would it be if we fell out." so i held the pole that was in the middle and @PERSON1 and them started to laugh so i let go and started laughing to cause the were making weird faces at me. When the ride was over we got off and went to go get something to eat from a tent that they had at the fair that was selling food, drinks and a lot of other things. We all bought a big bean and cheese burrito, @ORGANIZATION1, churros and an elephant ear. It was so good we wanted to buy more but we didn't have enough money. So we bought another elephant ear and I was the only one that actually ate all of it. So they started laughing because they we saying "if you could eat two big elephant ears you could probably eat an entire elephant" I laughed with then then said "I bet I could, I'm just playing but these elephant ears are really good so I would eat twenty elephant ears" they laughed and laughed so i just laughed with them as well. After I got done eating, we walked around the fair looking at the other tents they had. Their was a tent that spray painted your name or whatever you wanted on the shirt or sweater. But the bad thing was that we didn't have enough money for the sweater or for the rides so we just choose to go on all the rides and if we had left over money we would go back to buy a sweater. Then we pasted by a photo booth were they took a picture of you dressed up as if you were a pilgrim. I thought it was funny so i started laughing and my friends started to laugh as well because they didn't know what i was laughing about until i told them. Then they started laughing even more. We got on the last four rides and it was about @TIME2 we had to leave so we left waited for the @CAPS9. As we were waiting for the @CAPS9 two security guys come on their two horses and I thought its weird seeing horses in the city, we started to laugh. We got on the @CAPS9, took some pictures and went home.
