 My best friend @CAPS1 and I have known each other since we were two years old. We've helped each other through good times and bad, and are there for each other like chocolate on a bad day. @CAPS1's best quality is the fact that she can make me laugh no matter what mood I'm in. This year @CAPS1 decided to go to @ORGANIZATION4's, an all girls @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1, instead of continuing on to @ORGANIZATION1 like me. The first day of @ORGANIZATION2, I could feel that something was missing. @CAPS1. Without her cackling laugh ringing down the hallways, it felt oddly quiet. It reminded me of a place where we made most of our hilarious memories, and where we were told to "shush" a fair amount too. Our little brick @CAPS3 church!  Most @DATE1's, I stood up on the alter with the priest and helped him prepare the bread and such. And most @DATE1's, my best friend @CAPS1 was in the pews. One particular @DATE1 I will never forget, @CAPS1 thought it would be funny to sit in the front row with my family and make faces at me all throughout the mass. See @CAPS1, she has the power to make you laugh just by smiling at you. When she makes faces, I usually and up with tears in my eyes. I was standing up in front of the whole congregation and was using every ounce of self control I had not to bust out laughing. The congregation must have thought I was really being changed by the @CAPS8 because I had the biggest smile on my face.  I'm sure you've been in one of those situations where it feels like it is physically impossible to stop laughing. You have to bite you lip, think about something sad, or try breathing excercises. Every time I glanced in her direction a new wave of giggles washed over me, and every time I glanced in my mom's direction, her evil eye burned brighter. After what felt like eternity, the choir sang the closing hymn and once we left the building, I couldn't stop laughing for at least ten minutes. I had bitten my lip so hard that there were ridges indented on the inside of my mouth. Usually after church, we walk over to the @ORGANIZATION3 for coffee and doughnuts. We catch up on @ORGANIZATION2, and each others lives now that we don't see each other as often. She tells me about her new friends and I tell her about our old ones. I always look forward to hearing the hilariously stupid stories of her days, and I always inform her of the latest and greatest gossip from her hometown. But the thing that we always count on is a good laugh with a good friend.  Laughter keeps @CAPS1 and I close. If laughter really does add years to your life, we are probably going to be the two old ladies that live on the hill with twenty cats, and nobody really knows how old they are because they've been around forever. I can be myself around her and know that she accepts me because if I do something stupid I know she'll laugh and then we'll go play with her cat, @LOCATION2, or make popcorn and watch @ORGANIZATION2 three. My family must be tired of our never-ending inside jokes. When I laugh, it feels like liquid gold is bubbling in my stomach and everything is at peace in the world. It is one of the most comforting feelings in the world. That's what I feel when I'm laughing with my best friend @CAPS1.    
