 Laughter is always the key to complete happiness, all you really have to do is laugh to be happy. I remember back in the @NUM1 grade, i was the new student and i sure can tell you that i didn't know where anything really was, it was a new school: new bus, new everything. Being the new student is something no one wants to be, you get made fun of alot and sometimes you just dont fit in. Well thats my story, i never fit in.  One day i was walking up the stairs to my class, and it was a bright sunny day, i dont believe there really was any clouds that day. Anyways, as i was walking up the stairs i tripped and fell backwards and my skirt i was wearing flipped up over my head, and of course in that era of time you had to have character underpants. Well i remember everyone pointing and laughing at me A. because i had just fell down, and @CAPS1. because i was wearing dora underpants. Therefore, i went the whole day with everyone laughing at me, but to tell you the truth, i laughed right along with them. I honestly thought it was pretty funny, falling down and your underpants show? who doesn't think that's funny? After the fact this girl named @CAPS2 came up to me and told me im not the only one who wears character underpants.We both laughed as hard as we could that whole day, just remembering the fact that me of all people, I fell down the stairs! Next, being the new kid that could actually be taking embarssing, but for me I have done it a million times, so it really didn't bug me as much as people thought it would. @CAPS2 and I, became such great friends, we laughed all the time. Like when we went to the park and she fell in the ice cold water, or back to the time where i fell down the stairs. Up to this day we still talk about that, its just something you really don't get over. Not to mentioned it was pretty funny when my charcter underpants showed.  In conclusion, i think when the quote says "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" really is true, you have to have a good laugh before you can go on with your day, its just a known fact. If you dont laugh throughout your day then something is really wrong with you. Just because your getting older doesn't mean you have to throw away your laugh. Laughing is the part of the day where you can do whatever you want. So you tell me what is your funny story?
