 All of the memories that I've shared with my friends over the years are marked by the expression of an emotion. Usually they include an abundance of laughter and happiness, just enjoying life and being teenagers. But on the other hand, sometimes these memories are tinged with sadness: day-to-day frustrations, vital playoff games that we've lost by small margins, or the passing of important people in our lives. I think that these highs and lows are remembered most in our minds because they are accompanied by things that are auditory (laughing and crying) and our brains recognize them as being more important than a typical day. As children we're very impressionable, so if something makes us extremely happy or unusually sad, it's going to have an effect on us and be remembered.  I think it's known by everyone that teenagers aren't necessarily the most logical thinkers. Some people speculate that it is genetically programmed into our unborn brains that when we reach our teen years we will make a few silly decisions and possibly get into a small amount of trouble. I'll speak for my generation when I say that our actions aren't always completely thought out and sometimes we simply don't have a reason to explain the strange things that we do. For instance, my friend @PERSON1 has a peculiar and almost obsessive need to keep her car clean at all times. She washes it on multiple occasions throughout the month, and is convinced that driving slower helps to keep the dirt and debris from her mile-long gravel drive away from the candy-apple red paint on her @ORGANIZATION1. This wouldn't bother me, except that every day after school I go to her house along with our other friends, @CAPS1 and @PERSON2, to kill time before practice. The group is always anxious to get away from school because we're tired, hungry, and just want to get to her house and relax, but @PERSON1 never gives in to our persistent begging and is perfectly content to drive at turtle speed. One day, @PERSON2 became fed up and said that she could probably run faster than @PERSON1 was driving. @PERSON1 decided to take her up on the offer, stopped her car, and @PERSON2 proceeded to get out and jog down the driveway alongside the car. Soon she was a good distance ahead of us, dancing and skipping toward our destination. However, she soon changed her mind and since the car was going slow enough, she climbed on the hood and we continued driving, slowly. We were about two hundred feet from @LOCATION1's house, just one small bend before we'd be there, when @PERSON1 realized that if her grandparents, who live right next door, saw us, then she'd be in trouble. She didn't care to enlighten the rest of us with the details of her mental observation and suddenly stopped in the middle of the driveway. @PERSON2 slid off the hood, granted we were only going about eight miles an hour, and momentum pushed her forward at a trot. She slid on the gravel road, landed on her rear, skipped across the ground, and then stopped.  Those of us who had remained in the car were in shock, our mouths agape, and we stared at her for the few seconds she remained sitting. She then stood up, turned to face us, and burst into hysteric laughter. We all let out a collective sigh and burst into hysterics as well, remaining in the same spot for a good five minutes. All of us were near tears and out of breath from laughing about the sight, we laughed randomly together throughout the rest of the day, and told all of our other friends about it.  We had realized that it was a stupid thing to do, and @PERSON2 could have been hurt. But she wasn't, and so we all shared in the camaraderie of the moment. Laughter has that ability to connect people. It takes effort to make someone laugh, to spark the emotional trigger inside them that tells their brain, "@CAPS2, I'm having fun." @CAPS3 crying is a sign of extreme sadness, laughter is a sign of joy and elation, an indication of happiness. It shows that you're enjoying what you're doing and want those around you to recognize it. I really enjoy my memories that involve laughter, and when I think of those memories I always laugh again. I think that laughter is one of the rare simple joys in life. You don't have to spend money or drive somewhere, there's virtually no expense. It's timeless, simple, fun.
