                     Laughter Laughter has always played a significant role in the relationships of @CAPS2 life. Being able to laugh with someone creates a bond with that person.Through laughter, I was able to become friends with a person that I can call to this day @CAPS2 best friend. I met the person that would later on become @CAPS2 best friend through one of @CAPS2 friends. A few friends of mine and I were hanging out and @CAPS2 friend, @PERSON1, said, " @CAPS1 know @PERSON2, @CAPS1 should talk to a good friend of mine."I didn'@CAPS4 oppose to the idea because from what @PERSON1 told me about her, it seemed like it would be very easy for me to get along with her. About ten minutes later, I looked down at @CAPS2 cell phone and noticed that I had a text message from a number that I did not know. I asked who the person was and waited for a response. Two minutes pass by and I get a message that says, "@CAPS2 name is @ORGANIZATION2. I am the girl the curly-headed kid sitting next to @CAPS1 told @CAPS1 about." Once I read this I started just about busted up into a fit of laughter. Never would I have thought a girl I had never spoken to would be brave enough,or sarcastic enough, to say something like that as the first thing they would say to me. For the next few hours, we kept exchanging sarcastic remarks and jokes and the laughs just kept on coming. @ORGANIZATION2 is the type of person that can make anyone laugh. This is what I love about her; @CAPS3 possesses a talent of making anyone laugh no matter where they are, what kind of mood they are in, or what they are doing. We have walked around for hours and we have spent a majority of that time having to stop and catch our breath because we had been laughing so hard. Our ability to laugh with each other has helped us through difficult times in our lives. @ORGANIZATION2's mom passed away a few years ago and this sent her into a depressive state. @CAPS3 rarely felt any happiness until we would talk. Our ability to start laughing at one another helped her throughout this time. I recently received a @CAPS4.B.I. or @ORGANIZATION1. I felt numb to the world. Nothing felt the way that it once felt. Luckily for me, @ORGANIZATION2 was able to come in and do what I had done for her; @CAPS3 was able to make me laugh and feel normal again. Having the ability to laugh with @ORGANIZATION2 has definitely made our friendship stronger than it would have been had we not been able to laugh together. Being able to laugh doesn'@CAPS4 just effect that one moment in time, nor does it just impact one person. Having laughter means so much more than that. Being able to laugh creates bonds that are simply not possible without laughter. I have felt what laughter can do to a relationship and I can say that it most definitely feels good.
