 Laughter helps in so many situations throughout life. When your angry, sad, nervous or even mourning. Laughing about the good times @CAPS1 had with an old friend, or realizing a situation isn't scary or sad but is really quite hilarious. Many times throughout my life when things happened that made me in someway or another upset, the people close to me always helped by making me laugh. Realizing whatever was happening was not as bad as I had thought. Which made me look on the positive and light-hearted side of things. A specific situation happened when I was about nine years old. In school most kids at some time or another say something hurtful or without thinking. While parents should teach their children better it seems to be in their nature to make thoughtless observations, some times hurting others by drawing attention to flaws. I was sitting in class working on an art project. There was three other kids at my group and we were talking about who knows what, it was so many years ago. But then on boy starts talking about weight and how he is so tough and muscular, and yes were all eight or nine years old but he thought he was being cool. So he turns to me and says "@CAPS1 are not in shape, your fat". This crushed me how was I suppose to reply to this. I tried to act as if it didn't bother me. I went on to finish my art project. I could not help but hear repeating in my head those evil words that stung me. My eyes started to tear up and soon a drop of water appeared on my paper, I could not hold back the tears. I was waiting for the bell to ring so I could get out if this terrible place and go home to people who were smarter then to say things like that boy did. As I got off the bus I was already feeling the emotions rising to the surface. Starting to bawl as my mom opened the door. She exclaimed "@CAPS2 what's the matter, what happened?" @CAPS3 tears I relayed the terrible scene. She felt bad for me and asked the boys name. I told her @PERSON1. She began to laugh and say "That chubby kid with the buck teeth?, oh honey don't let that bother @CAPS1 he isn't in shape at all". I started to laugh realizing he did have buck teeth. The tears stopped coming to my eyes and I really realized the whole situation. He was being thoughtless and bragging about himself, which the statement were not even true and I was not fat. Laughing made me feel better and realize how silly it all was. Laughter really did help me realize it wasn't so bad. I was still a little embarrassed but I was over it. Laughing also got my mind off of what @PERSON1 said to me. Of course even though he said a thoughtless comment to me, I would not have said a thoughtless commend about any of this flaws. But laughing about how he had buck teeth made me feel better. Laughing also made me see how I was making a big deal out of a little situation, also. 
