 Every time I walk down the hall and I see a couple, they are either laughing with each other or doing other things that could disqualify my test. I know for a fact that the people that get voted cutest couple at our school are the ones that are laughing as opposed to the later. Not only does laughing create couples, then families, and eventually the next generation, but it creates friendships within schools, families, activites, etc. That's why personally I believe that laughing is the single most powerful action a person can do. Every person I am friends with have laughed with me and vice-versa. Especially one friend who I've gotten even closer since we met. I was very adament about going to church when I was young. I have always been shy and church allows me to be social with others without reticule. However I saw one girl sitting in the back corner who I felt was scared just like I probably would have been if it was anywhere else. My parents always wanted me to be more social and they said that one way to do that was to go out of my way to meet new people.  I did that for maybe the first time in my life to say "hi" to her. She replied by giving me her name. However I went back into my shy self and walked back terrified to talk to her or any one else again. However, I was only in third grade when all this happened so as time passed by things changed. About @NUM1 years after that a new church opened with a new class being open to children of all age groups. I had cemented myself into that classroom as one of two who regularly showed up. However this one day I was the only one who was there for my age group. Well actually I was the only one from my age group that was there on time. I saw a girl walking in with her dad who you could tell had forced her to go to the class. It took me a while to picture who it was but eventually I realized who it was. It was the girl who was scared to be in church and now she was the girl who was scared to be in class. She could clearly recognize me. I made a hand gesture telling her to come in. then you saw her smile. She shortly proceded to laughing a little bit. This was when I realized I met someone special. Now everytime I see her she smiles. That's how I know she will be a friend for a long time. Laughing can't be put into quotes, but it can be put into someone's memories for the rest of your life. I know this for a fact cause a lot of days have passed since and I still have these memories. Laughing is the easiest way to tell if a person is a true friend, something more, or should and will be forgotten.
