 Laughter, what is the meaning; to show mirth, joy, or scorn with a chuckle or explosive vocal sound. People without laughter in there life go through stages of depression or feel a sadness inside them; they never seem to be able to find the light at the end of the tunnel, "the light being happiness." The days @MONTH1 turn into to months or even years, life seems to be at a standstill.  When you feel there is no happiness you begin to have doubts on your decisions in life; the choices you have made in life seem to all be wrong. This is what my life felt like when the world turned around and I found out my best friend just flipped her car. I was traumatized, in shock; I didn't know so many things could rush through your head in that given moment. I instantly started to ask a million questions to see if she was okay. All they could share with me at the time was that she was being rushed to the hospital. All I could do once I got home was lay in my bed and think; what could I have done so she would not have been in that car-- all i felt was guilt! That night was wretched my mind just kept wrapping around all the times my best friend and I spent together, the laughter we shared between each other, stupid fights, and all the dumb pranks. What was eating at me most though was we had gotten in a fight not to long before she wrecked; the worst part was it was over the stupidest thing. I had got irritated at her for constantly ditching out on our plans we had together to go spend time with her boyfriend. Now that I look back at it, all I felt was jealousy. If only I could take it all back, then maybe she would not have been distracted while she was driving and missed her turn. That next morning her mother called me and said "she is asking for you, you @MONTH1 come to the hospital and see her if you please." I was ecstatic, I got ready faster than I ever have before; within a few minutes I was ready and in my pick-up driving myself to the @LOCATION1 hospital. It only took me thirty-five minutes to get there, when it should take you around forty -five. I instantly jumped out of my truck, rushed into the hospital and went to the check-in desk to see what room she would be in. They told me she was in room @NUM1 right down the hall on the left. I got to room @NUM1, there was a crack in the door so I peeked in before trying to open the door the rest of the way; I finally got the confidence to open the door and go talk to her. She instantly had a smile on her face when she saw me, I pulled up a chair and sat right next to her. We talked for about an hour just about random things; including the wreck. She told me she had a few broken rips and a minor concussion, so she should be able to be out by that afternoon. When she told me that, I was one of the happiest people right at that moment. All I could do was laugh when she told me everything was fine; almost like laughter of relief. It did not take long before both of us started laughing, most of it was out of excitement and having nothing else to say; except the beautiful sound of laughter coming out of our mouths. I have to say it felt good just to be by my friends side again being able to share happy moments with each other. So what is the meaning of Laughter to me; shall you ask? It is the most meaningful thing that anyone could possible do. Laughter is to show signs of happiness, a giggle or an outburst; sharing unforgettable moments with a loved one.Without laughter your life can not be complete, make jokes, just laugh make life have meaning again. Do not go through life being @PERSON2, instead be @PERSON1. Go ahead test it out and see what laughter can do for you in your life!
