                             "Laughter" I once heard a man say " laughing is the key to happiness, and if you do not laugh you aren't healthy" @CAPS1 do people love to laugh? Because it laughing creates great memories, it gets rid of sadness, it gives you energy, and it even gives you a good abdominal work depending on how hard you laugh and for how long. There is nothing better than a good funny movie that makes you laugh so hard you cry, your jaw hurts, and your stomach is even sore the next day. Some of my favorite movies are funny.  I bet laughing or making someone else laugh could get you hired at a job. Say you go in for an interview for a job that involves you working with people everyday. Are you going to go in there boring and moditone? No, your going to go in there make the person who is interviewing you laugh and act like you have known him or her since @CAPS2 @CAPS3.  Laughter can also be abused. It can be used in bad ways, such as making fun of people because it @MONTH1 be funny. Calling kids in your gym class names because they cant throw a baseball as far as you. Laughing @MONTH1 make people feel as bright as the stars at night, or it @MONTH1 make people feel as bad as a basketball player missing the buzzer beater to win the championship game. Be careful when you use it, treat it like a loaded gun, because if you use it wrong it could hurt someone.  A few hours after my @CAPS4 died. My family and I began to talk about all the good memories we spent with her when she was with us. I had noticed that tears were rolling down the sides of my @CAPS5 @PERSON1's cheeks. We then suddenly began to talk about all the times she would get mad mad and swear at my dad when he was a little boy, then get embarrassed because she knew she never should have said the lords name in vain. After thinking back on those moments we began to laugh, and not just a small unnoticeable giggle, i mean we were laughing out loud. It then got rid of that aching sadness that had been in the room all night. I will never forget how laughter that very night would become such an emotional memories later in life.
