 Though my sister and I have very different personalities, and much of the time do not find humor in the same things we have still shared some humorous moments. It's the times you decide to just go with the flow and enjoy someones company instead of letting it bug you.  One sunny day in @LOCATION1 I had some how convinced my sister to go rollerblading with me. My dad drove us to a park that had a huge pond in the middle of it. The pond was nice in the fact that there was a smooth side walk that circulated all the way around the pond for my sister and I to @CAPS1 on. The pond was not so nice in the fact that it was very littered with ducks ans geese and of course their droppings as well. We always thought of the ponds water as one of the most disgusting things on earth. We got our roller-blades on and carefully stood up. Our dad was going to take a nap in the car wile we made our laps around the lake. As we skated we noticed a man and a woman sharing a date together in a very small boat. They were totally unaware that their boat was tipping strongly to one side. My sister and I thought it would be hilarious if all of a sudden the boat tipped over.We let that thought pass and continued in our rout. On our next lap around we heard a woman yelling. we looked up and saw that it was the woman who had been in the boat. The woman was now standing on the shore yelling at the man to get all her belongings that had fallen out of the boat and were now floating in the gross pond water. The man was waiting in the water up to his chest collecting their items and trying to deal with his upside down boat. "That date was defiantly unsuccessful", I thought. We could hardly contain our selves from bursting out with laughter. We roller bladed back to the car as fast as we could. My sister was in front of me and when she tried to stop she couldn't. She basically body slammed the car, fell back, and rolled right underneath it. My dad rapidly opened the door to find me crying with laughter. We pulled my sister out from under the car and drove home.      
