Laughter can create this type of bond that's hard to sever. I can tell you how I've made some fast and true friends just by laughing at the same things. Its an amazing thing when people laugh. It doesn't always make sense or seem that funny at the time but it will make anyone I think feel better no matter what the circumstance. I can tell you how I've made some fast and true friends just by laughing at the somethings. Or how laughter can fix a fight that you and a love one have had. Well here it goes, my story of a very true and very close to home story that help me open my mind and have one of the best and true friends I well ever have in my life. To tell this story i have to go back in time to when i way around nine or so. When I was a young girl my sister, @CAPS1, or as I always called her @PERSON2, and me hated each other. We never got along, maybe that's because of sharing a room with a older sister, but i can remember her never wanting to play with me or hang out with me. My oldest sister @PERSON1 had just gone to collage so my sister @PERSON2 and me got the chance to get to know each other a whole lot more. Sure we still had fights and still didn't get along with each other very well, but we were well on are way to becoming the best friends we are today. Well one day when my parents went out shopping me and my sister @PERSON2 stayed home to clean the house. Well in my family when cleaning music is blasting no matter what kind it is. As always my big sister had to "order" me around, or at least that's what it felt like then, and like always i was a stubborn little sister who never liked taking orders from the big sister. Well @PERSON2 told me i had to clean the bathrooms, and I hate to clean bathrooms, I mean who does right? So I tell her that wouldn't do clean them...well that doesn't go over so well with the big sister who is charge while mom and dad are away. So we start to fight, and oh what a fight that was. I mean loud as loud can be. The music couldn't even be heard over the yelling and screaming. Like most fighting in my house goes, my sister and I go so feed up with each other that we stormed out of that room and into our own bedrooms. While the music was still blasting and even could be heard from all the way upstairs. So as I ,and I can only guess my sister was doing the same, was plotting my revenge on my oh so "wise" sister then music changed to a upbeat classic song that is one of the most popular songs in my house hold. This song was "@CAPS2 @CAPS3", because I loved this song so much I opened my door to my bedroom. I guess my sister is like me because she did the same. Well I had started singing and dancing in my room to the music, and guess my sister had heard me because she had come out of her room and into mine. I of course didn't notice her so I had keep doing my singing and dancing. Well as soon as she started to laugh at me I stop and glared at her. @CAPS1 just stands there laughing, I had said something on the lines as well you couldn't do better then that. So she tried and it was my turn to laugh. We ended up making fun of each others dances and laughed all the way down stairs were we hug and said how sorry and stupid we where for fighting. Then after all that had just happened we look around us at the work to still be done. We then looked at each other and laughed and ran to do our work before mom and dad got home. We finish just in time to, as soon as my mom and dad came home we where just doing the last bit of cleaning. @TIME1 after my mom and my dad had gone to bed my sister and I had a @TIME1 of watching movies and laughing our heads off.  That's it, my story of how sisters, or more like best friends can fix and start anything with just laughing and having fun together. Now my sister lives in @LOCATION1 so i don't see her a lot, but when ever i can i web chat her or call her. We spend hours laughing, it doesn't even matter what we are laughing about. That's what laughter does, it creates this bond, a deep connection. My sister and I @MONTH1 have had our fights in the past...and the future but we have laughter that always helps us stay together no matter what happens in life.
