 Laughter is how me and my friends connect most of the time, and that's how i became friends with a lot of them. You know when your in a new class and you don't know anybody in there so its kinda awkward because you feel like your a loner. I try to make the best of a situation and try to make new friends but I'm not always the best at it, so when i get a chance i make them laugh. First we take baby steps and the more we laugh together it seems like the closer we are to each other. By the end of the semester you don't really like the class but you don't want it to be over because you made such a good friend. The next semester you find out you have a class with that person but they don't like the class so they move out. Then you realize you guys kinda grow apart because you never see each other and if you never talk then it gets kinda awkward. The way we started off our friendship was really by accident but i didn't know many people in the class and the people that i did know weren't really my friends. We sat by each other, and after so long of awkward silence between us two she made a joke and i started to laugh. The next thing we know is within a week and would talk to each other and soon enough we hung out some. About half way through the semester we would get in trouble in class for talking to much and we started to realize we were starting to be best friends. The semester went on and we were hanging out more and more and she was the only one i would hang out with sometimes. By the time the semester was almost over we didn't know what our classes were so we thought we would be split up. The day we got our schedules we talked to each other and seen what our classes were. We seen we had one class together and we were excited. The first day of the second semester we went into the art class that we had together and we were laughing the whole time. At the end of the period she told me she didn't want to be in that class because shes not an artsy type of person. I went to my sixth period and was wondering if she was actually going to switch out like she said or not. At the end of sixth period I seen her and she told me that she got switched out and went to a class that she wanted. I know people in that class still but its not the same because I knew we were going to lose our friendship because we would never see each other. Its a couple weeks into the last semester and we hardly ever talk sometimes it gets awkward just to be around her because its not like how it used to be. Laughter is how me and her became friends and classes is what tore us apart.
