@CAPS4- @CAPS1 Laughter @CAPS2 a @CAPS3 I cannot imagine where my life would be right now with out laughter, who my friends would be, or @CAPS1 I would get through my day. Laughter is what created what has been one of the most important relationships in my life thus far. Laughter is what unifies us, it gives each of us something in common despite our differences. This has been proven true in my life, especially with one person, @CAPS4. I met @CAPS4 a year ago in a class of mine, we never really talked much or knew each other until that one day when she @CAPS2 me laugh. It was juts another day in class doing a lab when I see this short ginger hair girl twitching on a bar stole, I of course immediately begin to laugh. This girl was twitching around on a stole making awkward hand gestures and laughing, making me crack up, and not a single other person finds this funny, they are just giving us the you girls are insane" stare. Others inquire what she is doing, @CAPS4 too hysterical to form actual words, I say "hello dudes she is a dinosaur like from @CAPS7 the @CAPS8, 'I have a bid head and little arms.... I don't think this plan was though out very well....'" @CAPS4 response with a point to me and a head shake, I knew this was the beginning a beautiful, laughter filled, @CAPS3.  There are countless times where laughter was been the center piece of my time with @CAPS4. When we are hanging out it seems that we effortlessly humor not only ourselves but others even the complete stranger. The best example I can give is when we were at @ORGANIZATION1, a hotel with an in door water park, for my birthday with two of our best friends. Our time there had already been full of laughs, pictures and a good time, but when we were all dressed up looking your something to do was the high light of the @TIME1. Two nights of no sleep, loads of sugar, and energy drinks @CAPS2 our little foursome more insane than usual, giving @CAPS4 the courage to saunter up to very attractive complete stranger and get him to say hello to the birthday girl, me. @CAPS4 and I start to bust a move and proceed to fall to the ground in laughter, at this point most people would think these @NUM1 girls are strange I am leaving now, but this guy was entertained by our laughter even he joined in on the laughter. Perhaps the best memory of @CAPS4's contagious laughter was when we went to see @CAPS1 to @CAPS14 your @CAPS15, believe me when I say this night could have easily down hill very quickly. Basically @CAPS4 was yelling at the movie, cracking, jokes, texting, making us laugh, so all the things that get you kicked out of a movie and make the people around you angry. But for some reason the people around us ate up her humor and found it hilarious, they were laughing along with us. It was one of the best nights at the movies I have ever had, I have never been on such an adventure. They way laughter has impacted my life is by giving me this amazing best friends who is crazy and humorous. @CAPS4 is one of those people who makes you realize that laughter is what unifies us and is something to do. So go ahead, act like your @NUM2 even if your @NUM3, you never know who you @MONTH1 make laugh and what friends you could make."
