 Laughter, one of the greatest gifts in life. It's what helps you get through the day, the year and in the long term, your life. For me, many things can go wrong in a day. For example, I could forget about an assignment that ends up being a big part of my grade or just have a difficult day. All i need to make those bad things seem like old memories is to have a long and pleasant laugh. It is ten times better if that laugh is shared with someone else. That's why when i moved to @LOCATION1,@CAPS1 I tried to keep a look out for kids like me, who loved to laugh and make other people laugh. The first days were rough. I met a lot of new people that were all the same. Some just wanted to know my name and others to get to know me better, and that was fine. There was one person that I noticed was in multiple of my classes. So one day when our @CAPS2 teacher asked us to partner up and write a myth of creation or how something got to be the way it is. Quickly, I looked around to choose someone before every one would have a partner and I would be sitting there awkwardly without a partner. I asked a boy who was in few other of my classes. I had not really noticed or even heard him talk. He agreed to be my partner. We introduced ourselves and he told me his name was @PERSON1. He had a very quite voice. I had barely understood his name, so i had to read it from his paper. We had to work on the paper together but it felt more like if we were doing it individually. I began by throwing some ideas around. @PERSON1 would then say something and laugh but I could never hear what he would say. We worked on the paper for a couple of days, continuing to only interchange some words.  Meanwhile I was still trying to make at least one good friend. I thought maybe threw that friend i could meet some of his friends and in time I would have my own set of friends. In the meantime I ate lunch with my sister @PERSON2. You would think it would be slightly awkward or uncomfortable. It wasn't though, it was actually pretty nice because our bond had become stronger. That would work well for both of us until we made some friends. After some time she had made a couple of friends and was ready to move on. So one day while we were both eating lunch one of her new friends passed by and asked her to go sit with her. I hoped so bad that she would just say no or even say, maybe tomorrow, but no.  There I was sitting by myself in a lunch room full of eyes that were just judging who you were sitting with, if anyone. I began to eat my lunch faster than you could say sternocleidomastoid, and I was out of there. Panicking in the inside but completely calm on the outside, I paced the hallways looking for someone to hang out with. Then I saw "That @CAPS3" from three of my classes. I casually walked up to him and tried to start a conversation. For some reason i felt relaxed not as if I was trying to make a new friend but as if I was already talking to one.  In the beginning, we were just two guys that talked about classes and how this school was different from my previous. Then all of a sudden we began to talk about movies especially the resent more funny ones. We could not stop laughing in all of our classes, especially auto mechanics. We would use up all of our shop time just trying to remember all of the funny lines from the movies and trying to say them or act them out the best we could. Soon we also found out that we watched many of the same t.v. shows. We could make each other laugh with pretty much anything one of us said. I had noticed this special quality in @PERSON1 that made him extremely funny. I wasn't sure what it was,but with anything he said I would just laugh uncontrollably. We were laughing buddies, but soon we actually became great friends. We had really bonded in between the laughter. During that time we would find out new things about each other. That made us realize that we were a lot alike. Its been a few months and we have only become greater friends. I had made friends before by making them laugh or laughing at there jokes. I knew this was different tho. I had made the greatest friend I had ever had. Now I'm moving and that's the worst part. I know that with the bond of sharing some of the greatest laughs of my life we will continue to stay friends for a long time.
