The @CAPS1 of Laughter.  Laughing is a huge part of most everyday life. It is a very common emotion that I see hundreds of times a day. Whether it be from something as simple as a funny face, a joke, a picture, and even little things people do or say can bring laughter to even the most serious of people. @CAPS4 friends and I laugh constantly. We can make something funny out of pretty much anything. I think being able to laugh, and joke around are very good traits to have as a person because it makes life so much more fun and optimistic.  I can't even count the number of times I have been in a complete laughing fit because of @CAPS4 friend @LOCATION1. She is by far one of the funniest people I have ever met in @CAPS4 entire life. Though she is extremely funny, she is not exactly the brightest crayon in the box. She asks questions after people already tell her the answer, she says exactly what I say after I say it without even noticing that I had already said it before her, and sometimes she even trips on the concrete while racing someone to her car after practice. The things she does @MONTH1 not be super intelligent sometimes, but they sure can give anyone a good laugh.  I remember not even a week ago I was in the car with @LOCATION1 on the way to volleyball practice, and she just belted out the wrong words to the song we were listening to. What made it even more funny was the fact that even though she knew the words were wrong she kept singing like she knew every word. At the end of the song we laughed so hard we cried. By the time we got to practice her and I had been laughing for about ten minuets straight. During practice our @CAPS3 had been explaining directions to one of the drills. She told us loud and clear to serve the ball to spots one and five @CAPS2. @LOCATION1 not fully understanding the directions, decided she should ask and make sure it was all clear to her. So she put her hand up and asked, "@CAPS3, so do we @CAPS2 serve to spots one and five?" @CAPS4 whole team broke out into hysterical laughter. @LOCATION1 who didn't understand stood there looking confused, but when she finally understood why we were all laughing she joined in. That happened about three more times throughout our two and a half hour practice. She even got put in front row which made us all laugh because she is very short and looked really funny next to the six foot one girls standing right next to her. By the time practice was over I think we had gotten a better workout from laughing then from playing volleyball. On our way out to the car, @LOCATION1 decided she wanted to race a girl on our team to her car. @CAPS5 agreed and they took off in a dead sprint. You could see the determination to win in @LOCATION1's face, and all of a sudden they were no where to be found. I ran up the stairs to see who had won, @CAPS2 to find @LOCATION1 face down on the ground with @CAPS5 sitting next to her laughing hysterically. I felt bad, but it was so funny I couldn't help but to laugh. We sat there laughing for a good fifteen minutes, and we laughed about it all the way home. That was the icing on the cake to one of the funniest days I have ever had. I will never forget that day and all the times we laughed together. I think @LOCATION1 and I being able to laugh so much together brings us closer as friends because even if we get irritated with each other, or something bad happens, we can always find a way to laugh about it in the end, and that is something every good friendship should have. Laughter can't always make everything better, but it can bring @CAPS1 so someones day, and you never know the positive effect a little laugh can have on even the grumpiest of people.   
