 High school years are tough for many teenagers if you don't have a friend that is always willing to put a smile on your face during the worst times. I had a great friend named @PERSON1. She had that special power of making me laugh no matter what. We stopped being each others friends around the end of our sophmore year. It was both our faults for letting our friendship come to a closer. It wasn't like we made enemys with each other. But we didn't end our friendship so nice and peacefully.  The @DATE1 going into my junior year i had forgotten why we weren't friends anymore. If I didn't remember why we weren't friends anymore, then obviously it was a stupid thing to fight about. But things were said to one another. So it would be a lot harder to make-up. I really didn't want to be the one to apologise first. I did the worst thing to our friendship and just let it stay like that. It was the first day of my junior year. I hadn't seen one sign of @PERSON1 anywhere. It worried me because I thought she might of moved away and I didn't get the chance to say good-bye to her. Lunch had past and that is when I mostly saw everyone. And there was still no sign of her anywhere. As I walked to my last class of the day, I was seated in the front row. Once I was settled there walked in @LOCATION1. I had a little smirk on my face knowing she was still she hadn't moved away. She turned to look at me with a serious look. For that one sceond I had forgotten we weren't friends. My face bacame serious as well. It was great knowing she was still living here, but horrible knowing we still hadn't made peace with each other. But I didn't want to be the one to apoligise first, beacause I knew she would think I was the one to blame. So leaving it like that was all I could think of. The semester went by really fast. Seeing her everyday during class made it harder for me to even be in there. I lost a really good friend from something I don't even remember. I've noticed she's made new friends and has moved on with our friendship. She still once in a while hung out with my group of friends. When we both joined cheerleading we saw each other more after school. But we still didn't talk. It really felt like she was acting as if I never was a part of her life. At first I hated her for treating me that way. But I also had to take responsiblitie for what I had done to her.  One night I felt so out of it. I really needed a friend that could just let me forget about my problems and bring a smile to my face. The only person that came to mind was @PERSON1. I felt very alone at that time. So I decided to write her an e-mail. It would have been better to have aid it to her face but I know I would have chickened out if I did it face to face. So an e-mail was better than nothing. I told her I was wrong about a lot of the things that came out of my mouth. I told her how much I missed her friendship and how much I missed her presents around me. I woke up the next morning feeling very sick to my stomach. I didn't want to go to school but I did anyways.  During lunch time I sat at my usual place in the hall. @PERSON1 came out of no where and sat next to me. She smiled and said "remember when you tripped in the @NUM1 grade?" I could not stop laughing when she said that. Tears came down face face for how hard I was laughing. It felt like its been forever since I laughed that hard. We talked a lot about our summers and about what news have been happening in our lives. We laughed more than we talked. I really had my funny best friends back. And the laughs can go on again.
