  In all of our lives there is that one person that is so special you would never do anything to hurt them. Whether that person be a close friend, a significant other, or a family member. The people that are involved in our lives significantly are there to help us through the rough patches, bring us up when we are down, and be there for us. Friends are one of the most important people we have in life. Friends are someone we can talk to and they understand, someone we share everything with including clothes, food, etc. They are the ones that get us through each day with a smile. High school is filled with drama, it's the same old story just, a different day. I have the best group of friends, we are very close and spend a lot of time with each other at school and outside of school. They are there for me when I need them the most. Recently this guy, @PERSON1 and I have been trying to work on our relationship but he had been lying to me and cheating on me but everyone of my friends that I talk to abut the situation say the same thing, "he is going to hurt you" and "he's not worth your tears." I have class with him every other day. It's not like I get to choose when I want and don't want to see him, some days are just better than others. The bell rang, right after lunch, and I wasn't in any hurry to get to the band room. The band room is very big, smells like old cheese and is like a trampoline for sound to bounce off of and explode in your face. I don't enjoy that class at all. I walked in the room nonchalantly and set all my books on my chair and began walking to my cubby. I grabbed my instrument walked back to set it on my chair and went to talk with some of my friends. It hadn't been a bad day so far, it was just a regular day at school. Entering the band room I had a feeling that @DATE1 was different. He walked through the band door with a huge smile on his face but I couldn't help but look away and frown. Mixed emotions are the worst, he does one thing and you love him and he does another thing that drives you insane and makes you want to hurt him. He sits right behind me in band and I am constantly turning around to talk to him but we never seem to get in trouble except for @DATE1, we were supposedly talking to much. I don't believe we were talking to much, because @DATE1 was where I wanted nothing to do with him. He was upset with me and I was upset with him, so we were even. Twenty-five minutes passed by, each minute dragging on longer and all I was thinking about was him and what I had heard he was doing. It's never a good feeling when you know something is wrong. I confronted him about what people were telling me. His response was "don't believe what you hear, believe what you see." I didn't know what was going on, but tears started pouring out of my eyes, running down my face like a crystal clear waterfall. I asked my teacher if i could take a minute out in the hall, and she agreed, so I sat in the hall, with tears running down my face. One of my friends walked out the door and sat with me to comfort me. We started talking and I told her everything that was going on. She gave me a hug, and start making jokes about him. I couldn't help but laugh. I even smiled and made my own remarks that got her to laugh as well. After a few jokes, and a bunch of hugs, the tears went away and I was smiling. Neither of us wanted to go back in class but we didn't really have any other options. We weren't very close friends, but our talk during class, made us grow stronger. Even when everything is going wrong, you should count on your friends to tell you the truth, and give their advice, because they are always right so don't second guess them. They know how to make you feel better and it always seems to work. Laughter is much more than an emotion. It gives you strength when you are weak. It builds you up when you are down. Laughter brings relationships closer, and sometimes all we need is to smile. Laughter also helps create memories, the nights you stay up talking and laughing until two in the morning are the ones you will remember forever. Laughter is an important aspect to everyone, we all need a day to just relax and take a step back to laugh.
