@CAPS1 up kids my mother said as she was scrambling to get her stuff packed and ready.I knew exactly what i did wrong, I didn't set my alarm on my phone for six am. I set it for six pm and now we are late. Thinking to my self I hurried to get my clothes packed for the week. six pairs of pants, six pairs of shirts, six pairs of underwear, and six pairs of socks. I put my bag next to the front door realizing now that it was next to my other bag I had already packed the day before. My sisters were worse, as girls they take for ever putting on there makeup and and straightening their hair.Finally everyone is packed, but it was now seven am and we were supposed to be to @LOCATION2 by now and were still sitting here at our house. As my sisters are now done and we are in the car we can finally get off to @LOCATION3. We as a family have been planning @CAPS2 for a month and now it's @DATE2! I was really exited to go. By @CAPS2 point I had butterfly's in my stomach.We lived in @LOCATION1, we were only half way through @LOCATION2 with eight out of ten hours left to get to my mom's cousins house. I feel asleep for the first two hours of the ride and I can no longer sleep. I was stuck in the back seat with nothing to do. so I started to sing the never ending song. @CAPS2 is the song that never ends, and it goes on and on my friends." @CAPS3 my sister in the front seat yelled at me very harshly to shut up. I didn't stop and she yet again yelled at me to stop singing. For a third time I annoyed my sister and she responded with a punch on my arm. For some reason I started to laugh. It didn't hurt and I thought it was funny that she hit me for just singing a silly song.I had a really strange laugh so my little sister started to laugh because I was laughing, then my older sister quite harshly screamed at me and my younger sister to be quite. My older sister yet again punched me trying to get me to stop laughing. By now I was laughing so hard I could hardly breath and my face was turning into a shade of purple. It really was funny when my mom couldn't hold it back any longer and started cracking up and laughing with me and my younger sister. My mom wears dentures, and she was laughing so hard they almost fell out of her mouth while she was driving, we started laughing harder. My stomach felt like it was going to explode from all the laughter.My older sister now turning a dark shade of blue from yelling at us so hard to get us to shut up. She was throwing her arms into the air and screaming one last time to shut up and threw herself back into her seat with a very nasty look of disgust on her face.over the next minute we all stopped laughing and was quiet for the next hour @CAPS3 we stopped and ate. We enjoyed our lunch and got on the road because we still had a long trip on our hands.I very soon felt tired and fell asleep in the most awkward of positions you could ever find in a car. I had my head against the door, my arm over the front passenger seat, one of my legs was on the seat and the other in between the driver and passenger seats.I thought I was pretty lucky sleeping most of the way for we only now had about a half hour till we got to my mom's cousins house. We were in the middle west of @LOCATION3 and the mountains were so beautiful. They were full of color and life with gigantic trees swinging in the wind, squirrels moving about from tree to tree, planting nuts in the ground. It was the farthest I have ever been away from where I lived in @LOCATION1. I was glad it was with my family.My stay in @LOCATION3 was a blur. I can hardly remember most of what happened there. I played with a neighbor kid around the same age as me playing video games and eating unhealthy junk food. My mom was the happiest of us all to get out of @LOCATION1 for a weekend. She had not seen her cousin in about three years and was very happy to see her.It was now @DATE1 was time to get back to our normal lives, so we packed up our stuff and were headed back to our home. I was doing amazing at not talking and making my sister mad for the first minute or so. @CAPS3 I started to sing the never ending song again. I have never laughed so hard in my life. "
