 There are many reasons why laughter is an important part of any relationship. In my opinion you can no be serious about everything. Laughing is a way of lettting yourself go and relieve stress. Laughter also helps lighten the mood and make people more comfortable around each other. Laughter can help in many more ways then that.  Being serious about everything is not always a good thing. You need to have fun in your life to keep you happy. Being around people that make you laugh is always a good way to put yourself into a good mood. Laughing is a good way to take the pressure off and not be ebarressed. Being able to have a realtionship with people where you can laugh at things when they are funny is always needed. For me i know that being around people who cant laugh things off i always feel like i need to watch what i say. Laughing is one of the best way to just relax. Laughter also helps lighten the mood and make people more comfortable around each other. If i do not feel like i can joke around and laugh with the people that i am with i usually do not feel like i can be myself. Altough if you are not comfortable with the people that you are with to start with then it might be harder for you to joke around with them. Eventually if you let yourself go and laugh you will feel closer to them. Being happy and laughing with people makes a really strong connection between people. Making things into a joke is a way alot of people keep their selfs from getting embarssed. Usually if you do something that other people think is funny and you dont, then if people laugh you might feel uncomfotable. But if you start to laugh with them it takes the pressure off you and they are not longer laughing at you but now with you.  In conclusion there are many things that laughing can do for you. It makes it so you dont have to be serious about everything, it takes the pressure off and relieves stress. Laughing is one of the best things that people can do together to make a connection. No matter what laughing can always put someone in a better mood.
