       Laughter In A Relationship The most important thing in a relationship is laughter. Laughter is something we all need and it keeps us going with the world and the duties we do all day because we get frustrated a lot of times. So one thing that helps us is laughter. If someone is upset the person might watched a comedy movie or read a comic about funny or humorous characters. But many people like talking to someone when they are upset and need a uplift from them. When I was once upset regarding my school work and about not having a job. I went out for a walk after an argument with my work mother. About my grades being dropped. My mom got quite angry and my dad was also very upset with me because they knew I was much more capable than I showed in my grades. My parents knew I wanted to do a job to buy things what I wanted. They didn't think it appropriate to linger around about having a job so much and not care about my grades.When I was walking along the lake side I heard someone playing a guitar and he played it so beautifully that I wanted to meet that person instantly. I tried to find him but I couldn't and at last I just set down and wondered who that person might be. So suddenly a boy came to me with a guitar and asked me what time is it. I told him the time and asked him where he learn t to play guitar such beautifully. So he told me that he is interested in playing guitar for a long time and he wants to join a band.We both shared our feeling and we couldn't even understand that the things we never told anyone else we were telling each other  @CAPS1 after that meeting we came close friends and we met everyday. He knew I was quite tensed so he used to play guitar for me and we sang songs together. He also told me jokes and I knew he was doing all this just for me and I sometimes just kept quite and didn't respond to his jokes. He got more tensed that I was not laughing or smiling. But I didn't realize that by doing this I was really making him hurt.But he never lost hope in me and he kept on telling me funny stories and we talked over the phone whole night just so that he could make my tensions a bit less and make me laugh. So one day he took me out for lunch at @ORGANIZATION1's because he knew it was my favorite place and I loved going their. He took me to a comedy movie on superheroes but neither of them were making me laugh. All the time I was just in his arms. But after the movies he took me to the most beautiful place and it was near a beach and the whole place was decorated by colorful lights and we were sitting down on a swing and talking. Now he knew how he could make me happy and he told me jokes and we read comic books and surprisingly I started loving his jokes and the comics we read. Whenever I would meet him he would do something special for me and made me laugh. He once got dressed down as clown and tried to juggle balls but he couldn't do it so well and i laughed at him so badly. I know it was being rude to laugh at him but I loved spending time with him.  One day he came to my home and we were talking and he held my hands and proposed me. I was really happy to hear that and he brought me the most beautiful ring ever. He proposed me and took me out for a drive and gave me some advice in a very respectfully manner, not in a intention that he is putting me down. But I had never seen a person like him and he he told me that laughing and smiling is good for life. N o matter what happens tomorrow why should we care about it today when we have such a beautiful life waiting for us. We must live the way we want and not force our selves to change just to get serious in life. He held my hand and took me his arms and said @CAPS2 matter how much we love each other but laughter is important in a relationship I looked at him and asked him why'd? So he replied we'd must be happy and to be healthy and to be with each other. After we had some time there he dropped me home and told me live life because who knows if we will be alive tomorrow. From that moment I realized that he was right and I looked at life from a different perspective from that day and decided to live life in a better way so that I laugh and enjoy.
